Although I can SEE the sense of it , I feel very rejected .	4	n	Agony aunt (K)
I can SEE no constitutional impropriety in this .	4	n	Court record (F)
I 've got to look after him , you SEE .	4	n	Children's book (H)
I want a lot of things , you SEE .	4	n	Novel (G)
I SAW only what I wanted to .	4	n	Novel (H)	
It did n't matter if you SAW God , quit your job , and took the journey to India .	4	n	Magazine (C)
God , however , SEES the opportunity to recreate something new out of the failure we SEE .	4	n	Religious talk (sermon?) (A)	
I ca n't SEE the reason	4	n	Spoken (business) (J)	
netwise is eager to bolster the Unix side of its business , but admits noblenet has obviously SEEn the light with RpC technology that the rest of us did n't they 're going to be tough to beat .	4	n	News (C)
It was just a matter of time , Ross could SEE that .	4	n	Novel (F)
So it 's funny to SEE it written in stone , as it were , something that I did off the top of my head .	4	n	Interview (C)	
They 'd all SEE sense .	4	n	Interview (B)	
But I do n't SEE any reason why our that we should n't have the ability , as a man to making management decisions , that makes the productivity and cost profile achievable of at least what it was before Christmas .	4	n	Spoken (business) (K)	
I did not SEE the value in teaching him the English equivalents of these words , and merely reminded him to talk in English .	4	n	Novel (F)	
Ah I SEE , right .	4	n	Spoken (conversation)	
He itched to do the latter , but common sense prevailed ; he had SEEn how uncomfortable were the lives of other guys who had done that , either to marry too young or go it alone .	4	n	Novel (C)
Those familiar with the quality of xEnOn from the Bitmap Brothers will SEE a likeness in professional graphics and sound .	4	n	Magazine (H)
Ah , Anna said , I SEE .	4	n	Novel (C)
Even if only part of the reason for the discrepancy we SEE is because of factors under our control , natural justice would demand that we strive to put these right .	4	n	
that ma , I said to Geoff , to me , you know , we 'd like to get a solicitor on it but you SEE we	4	n	
I ca n't SEE what the point is that was more than forty-five years ago	4	n	
But you SEE the difference being you do n't drive do you ?	4	n	
You go b , you can go back and say now , well it is my A type behaviour that 's causing this you SEE , and SEE if that gets you anywhere .	4	n	
no , but it was such to SEE sense	4	n	
On the night of 12/13 September 1942 , Gus March-phillips and Graham Hayes , with nine men , were landed in a Goatley boat ( SEE Appendix 4 ) at St Honorin near the Cherbourg peninsula .	3	p	
And what about those assignments you SEE that erm , we get from the theocratic ministry school overseer , you 've all had them have n't we ?	4	n	
The kind of non-randomness that we SEE in living systems , on the other hand , is equivalent to a gigantic combination lock with an almost uncountable number of dials .	4	n	
This is the general population and as you will SEE this , this er patches on the whole issue of sex ratios and what is known as the Trivers Woolard effect and I 'll explain that later cos it 's so important .	4	n	
One needs a projection of life-cycle costs in order to SEE the benefits of adopting a risky cost-leadership policy if technological change does not occur .	4	n	
She married Mr Gotobed , the mine-owner , you SEE .	4	n	
Some may be used to develop skills of inference , SEEInG meanings that are not explicitly stated .	4	n	
This may be so , but I SEE no compelling reason to believe it .	4	n	
I guess i have to start watching these games again sometime soon havent SEEn them for years i could relive the period watching the games and sending out match reports to rec.sport.soccer the day after 4 years after the events took place  	1	p	
But again , it had always got to be from the Co-op , because it had come through mum you SEE , really and er sh I say she is eighty-two .	4	n	
You know , she made him sit down in the middle in front of everybody you SEE	4	n	
nigel had had a most unpleasant lunch with Maureen , who could not be brought to SEE that wills and their provisions were not to be lightly disregarded .	4	n	
In his design he is credited for SEEInG that auditorium planning need not be inconsistent with good architecture .	4	n	
I think it 's important for you to to recognize , you 'll SEE form that plan that all the major radials end up on the York inner ring road .	4	n	
And erm the the that was part part of their work you SEE , the these blacksmiths .	4	n	
It is easy to SEE the reasons for pessimism , says an editorial .	4	n	
There were no strike pay , you just had a promissory note that er if ever they got any money they 'd pay you , you SEE ?	4	n	
We can SEE what went on by looking at the volumes of the annual Report of the Association ; for instance that of 1855 , containing the proceedings of the meeting at Liverpool in September 1854 .	4	n	
And there were patterns up in this store you SEE .	4	n	
At the same time , though , I can SEE Mother 's side of it , at least on this one point , for she has n't considered herself as being just a housekeeper all these years , she 's felt mistress of the place , and she 's going to miss it .	4	n	
And if you do n't , then you can SEE very quickly what 's gone wrong , and probably where it 's gone wrong , as well .	4	n	
And they 'd all got er status symbols you SEE and it was quite a ceremonial thing that they used to have .	4	n	
They have been loyal with their money , as well as their feelings , to the 10m who still live in Greece ; their remittances still cover about a sixth of the trade gap ( SEE table 4 on next page ) .	3	p	
I would n't want to embarrass you , but I really can SEE no alternative at present .	4	n	
For form of notice of intention to appear ( Form 6.20 in Sched 4 to the rules ) , SEE Appendix C , form 27 .	3	p	
And when Sir William died she SAW no reason to slow down .	4	n	
Dot could SEE no way out .	4	n	
And he could SEE no profit for the increasingly dispirited Americans not with this president , at least .	4	n	
Aye , cos we even had people where , where , where the placard you SEE , people 'll say oh that house , I wonder if they 'll let us have a look at it now as they 're passing	4	n	
Family , friends or working colleagues SEE us more clearly than we realise .	4	n	
I 'd not been thinking of us as boyfriend and girlfriend , you SEE .	4	n	
Graham believes care managers will have the option of pursuing careers in management or specialist practice roles : I do n't SEE a problem with returning to direct client work .	4	n	
This applies to both offences and SEE offence I ( C ) 4 for ways to prove this point .	3	p	
She was working in the er cupboard so I just pu I just put in the key because when Barbara come in she did n't lock it you SEE .	4	n	
I had no idea at all , you SEE .	4	n	
Yeah that 's right SEE SEE what I mean ?	4	n	
He SAW the advantages that England might gain from a successful coup in Scotland by them , which would take their political pressure off him at home .	4	n	
I 've never had veal that is n't , only cow , if you SEE what I mean .	4	n	
The Beveridge Committee , which reported shortly before the Churchill government took office in 195 1 , SAW no conflict .	4	n	
I 'm er I 'm not saying I , the headlines you SEE , so I will select the headline I 'm interested in .	4	n	
Alan could n't SEE any way to turn back now , but in any case , he was regaining strength .	4	n	
Schedule 4 to the rules contains both an application and an affidavit ( Forms 6.4 and 6.5 ) , SEE Appendix C , forms 9 and 10 .	3	p	
Which is why I SAW no real point in pushing the human poor-little-baby bit .	4	n	
Since the section ends with a statement of our lack of access to , and control over , our mental and linguistic input systems , I SEE little reason for it to be there .	4	n	
In the extreme case , there is no mobility of labour at all ( as in Jones , 1971b ) , and the implications of such immobility for the incidence of the corporation tax have been examined in Section 64 , where we SAW that implies that the return to capital 	4	n	
When I SEE what you know , I feel what a nothing I am !	4	n	
I was young , you SEE , and	4	n	
I do n't SEE any necessarily any difference by including conversions this time round .	4	n	
Their place in a group dominated by the Catholics no doubt reflected the regent 's desire for consent from Catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she SAW little reason to fear the protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less	4	n	
Warshal and Spirduso ( 1981 ) argued that if inverters are less lateralised for language than non-inverters then differences between the left and right hands during performance of concurrent verbal-manual tasks ( SEE Chapter 4 ) should be	3	p	
Bosses are often unnerved , but they learn so much about themselves , when tested , that they SEE the relevance to their staff 's development .	4	n	
There , Blondel said , you SEE ?	4	n	
I can SEE no way they are linked with this .	4	n	
Erm but they John Smith range as well you SEE .	4	n	
Do you SEE what I mean , SEE most of this has been done for the convenience of the Quick Save Supermarkets on that er , I should say .	4	n	
A preliminary session was held on Dec. 4 , 1989 , of the judicial inquiry into the case of the Guildford Four , who had been convicted in 1975 of carrying out the Guildford and Woolwich public house bombings SEE pp. 26870 ; 27739 	3	p	
And yet , it is within the much maligned football community that we have SEEn a model of resistance to the break-up of society .	4	n	
I can not SEE the logic in leaving him behind .	4	n	
Looking at the act of speaking in a broader way , we can SEE that intonation can signal to the listener what is to be taken as new information and what is already given , can suggest when the speaker is indicating some sort of contrast or link 	4	n	
did cause ( or permit ) that motor vehicle or trailer ' - SEE glossary page 4 .	3	p	
They all kowtowed after Dougie you SEE .	4	n	
Erm and I would just comment on Mr 's er criteria assessment that I fail to SEE any difference really between any of the three re er regional routes in terms of the potential of opening a station on any of them .	4	n	
And right where she did n't expect it in the black universe was another dark space , solid with hidden meanings , difficult to SEE , alien to her comprehension .	4	n	
I felt I should include them in the list if only so that you could SEE the limited choice at present available .	4	n	
But you SEE one other person who was there last night was at one time involved with a major , no longer major Scottish company which did all its substantial charitable giving anonymously once a year 	4	n	
And invariably you got a gold sovereign , you SEE ?	4	n	
So the whole weight of the whole er the gear that actually sent the crusher going and made it so the jaws the swing jaw swing and all that , was er hanging on the cap you SEE .	4	n	
Even Benny had looked green when she 'd first SEEn it , and Benny had had time to get used to the idea .	4	n	
I SAW no point in continuing until the point was settled .	4	n	
Yes but then you SEE , in the ol in the old days Gordon , I mean , you we you were very fortunate if you got three meals a day and i and whatever you got you were glad of and used to eat it all .	4	n	
