It would n't have been on the books if I ever SEEn blatant sectarianism at its worst it 's in that bloody motion .	5	n	
The one I SAW this week at Hillier 's Arboretum , Ampfield , near Winchester , was already on the turn , with leaves orange and scarlet amidst clusters of large red haws , much bigger than those you find on wild hawthorns .	1	p	
Its efficiency was still further reduced by the fact that , almost alone among European navies of any size , it SAW no active service between 1718 and 1769 .	9	n	
I 've definitely SEEn people really coming alive .	1	p	
Although I can SEE the sense of it , I feel very rejected .	4	n	
Apparently they like to SEE you once to begin with .	2	p	
The new convention had been the subject of detailed negotiation over a number of years , with the incompatibility of legislation on advertising in the various countries and the amount of European-made programmes in particular	x	x	
Suddenly I found myself moving forward and I crouched a little as I had SEEn the experts do in films .	1	p	
She seemed to SEE it too from far away .	1	p	
So have you SEEn this chap any more ?	2	p	
There were two of them in your garden when I came to SEE you yesterday .	2	p	
Surely to God they ca n't imagine we have n't SEEn them ?	1	p	
In the morning 1 '11 talk it over with the boss and SEE what can be done .	7	n	
I can SEE no constitutional impropriety in this .	4	n	
now let 's boot it and SEE what happens .	7	p	
On May 26 Keating conducted a minor Cabinet reshuffle which SAW Richardson 's portfolio filled by Bob Collins , hitherto Minister of Shipping and Aviation .	9	n	
They 've SEEn him but he ran away !	1	p	
Several organizations run such courses and also teach their methods ( SEE pp. 144146 ) .	3	p	
Almost SEEInG the game , ss clearly does he hear it .	1	p	
But first with the sport , here 's Erika . and election night SAW Oxford United attempt to spoil the celebration party at first division champions newcastle .	9	n	
Many SEE their condition as a sign that the realms of men are about to collapse , that they are living in the last days of a dying world .	5	n	
I 've got to look after him , you SEE .	4	n	
I mind of them when I was little , fine we used to go in and SEE them .	2	p	
As soon as I could I went to SEE Aunt Louise in her new home .	2	p	
He looked sideways at her ; SAW how she opened her eyes , fighting against the fear she felt ; battling with it ; trying to SEE the beauty there in that desolate place .	1	p	
The French government disclosed on July 5 that it had decorated Lt.-Col . Alain Mafart , one of the two French agents convicted for the bombing of the Greenpeace flagship , Rainbow Warrior , in Auckland harbour in 1985 SEE pp. 33852-55  .	3	p	
none of us SAW what happened but we heard about it secondhand from an Irish Corporal called Ryan .	1	p	
The most startling example is Batman , one of the most successful films in recent years , which has made a loss ( SEE table ) according to a recently leaked profit-and-loss statement .	3	p	
Well , I did SEE it , did n't I ?	?	?	
I remember wandering with Donald somewhere in the East End after we 'd been to the Whitechapel and we SAW a group of teddies standing round two middle-aged Indians .	1	p	
Suddenly out of the murky haze , I SAW one charging at me .	1	p	
The cover shot SAW long-haired Best with the famous red United shirt hanging outside his shorts .	9	n	
Has a doctor SEEn her ? asked Frank anxiously .	2	p	
I want a lot of things , you SEE .	4	n	
Occasionally she half hoped to SEE him again , she would find herself watching faces rising towards her on the escalator of the Tube and wonder what she would feel if one of those faces were suddenly to be his .	1	p	
So Jacob called the name of the place peniel , ( which means in Hebrew The Face of God ) saying , For I have SEEn God face to face , and yet my life is preserved .	2	p	
I dunno we 'll SEE what happens .	7	?	
He must have SEEn her marshalling her arguments , for he gave her no time to use them .	1	p	
I have n't SEEn my darling Maria since Friday .	2	p	
Thirdly , although some data is collected in relation to gender , it would be helpful to SEE some interpretation of statements like these : Although women were more likely to be living alone than men , there were a number of very elderly men living	1	p	
Smoothed or polished slices can also be observed directly under cathodoluminescence ( SEE Chapter 6 ) ; they may be etched or stained for this purpose .	3	p	
I SAW only what I wanted to .	4	n	
I was married by now , so I did not often SEE him .	2	p	
people are very welcome to come and SEE what the teachings are about without any obligation .	7	n	
I 'm sure that I can , could , SEE both him and his spirit-self .	1	p	
What gives the Arabic version its sense of continuity is not , as in the case of English , the use of a series of identical themes ( I , I , I , ) but rather the frequent thematization of processes as expressed in verbs , mainly SAW but also occupied and 	x	x	
It did n't matter if you SAW God , quit your job , and took the journey to India .	4	n	
Looking more closely at the authorities who directly budgeted money , 90 % of counties were in this group , and 73 % of Outer London authorities ( SEE Table 18 ) .	3	p	
This also examined children 's reactions to a variety of inadequate messages , and proposed a metacognitive explanation of the inability to recognize message defects ( SEE also Shatz , 1978 ; Markman , 1981 ; Lloyd and Beveridge , 1981 ) .	3	p	
Finally , take the matter up with the accommodation authorities ( SEE Chapter 2 on accommodation ) .	3	p	
God , however , SEES the opportunity to recreate something new out of the failure we SEE .	4	n	
Suppose that the authorities wished to SEE a rise in interest rates in a period when forecasts suggested that there would be no net flow of funds towards the government .	8	n	
Different users can SEE different views of the model .	1	p	
it comes back through the starter motor and so I thought oh right strip it all down SEE what 's up , SEE if it 's bent inside	7	p	
She looked across at him , SAW the small , careless shrug of indifference , the impatient expression .	1	p	
In the survey , imaginary scenes were described to viewers , to find how they would react to SEEInG them .	1	p	
Well actually I 've , I 've , I 'm toying with the idea , I have n't quite made my mind up , erm I 've SEEn some wax waistcoats	1	p	
Ask the person who comes to SEE you .	2	p	
I could SEE the mood Dad was in and all I wanted to do was to make myself scarce before they started to quarrel .	1	p	
If we could get a you know , if we could open that up cos we got one of tho th , have you SEEn the fire in action ?	1	p	
When he had first SEEn the flat , almost a year ago , she had just moved here from the suburbs , and it had been rather bare : just a little attic room with a kitchen in an alcove , a shower in a closet , and a toilet down the hall .	1	p	
I ca n't SEE the reason	4	n	
And she shuddered at the chore the whole thing would be in the winter if she lasted that long SEEInG that it was such a drag in the mildness of summer .	5	n	
netwise is eager to bolster the Unix side of its business , but admits noblenet has obviously SEEn the light with RpC technology that the rest of us did n't they 're going to be tough to beat .	4	n	
At mirrors , quick to SEE spots on others .	1	p	
Alternatively the relevant available procedure should be substituted , should it be impossible to fix the sum : SEE p. 20 of the 1991 guide , para . 6.7 .	3	p	
Maggie was even more startled to find him alone when she came in and instantly relieved that she had n't allowed the boy who had SEEn her home from the village further than the road gate .	10	n	
It was just a matter of time , Ross could SEE that .	4	n	
now we we and the Conservatives in in the past have been in favour of a decision and a positive action and we would have SEEn it through .	x	x	
The Council of nicaea was the largest assembly of bishops hitherto , and though the great majority of the members were from the Greek East , the presence of Roman legates and the prominent role played by the SEES of Alexandria and Antioch	x	x	
I am pleased to SEE the porpoise , because they too have been affected by the general shortage of food recently , and have not been easy to find in their usual haunts .	1	p	
The derivation of this is given in statistics textbooks and practical examples of its application , and an assessment of the closeness of the approximation , are given later in this chapter ( SEE p. 169 ) .	3	p	
Just half a mile away , we could SEE the rampart of sand , 20 feet high , behind which the palestinians lay waiting , unwilling participants in a ceasefire which Arafat himself had already declared sacrosanct .	1	p	
Scanning the deck railing , Delaney could SEE no movement as he raised the pistol grip launcher , adjusting the length of burn .	1	p	
So it 's funny to SEE it written in stone , as it were , something that I did off the top of my head .	4	n	
Have you SEEn that advert on the telly I love it with George the boxer ?	1	p	
I do n't SEE myself in competition with other comedians , although I am .	5	n	
Integrating primary care into the contracting framework of the health service will have advantages for patients , doctors , and managers but general practitioners could SEE it as a threat to independence rather than an end to isolation .	5	n	
It was only when I SAW a magazine produced by his students ' class that I relaxed .	1	p	
We shall be SEEInG more of this yacht , which has already been chosen as the class for the Tour de France la Voile race in 1992/93 .	1	p	
They embarked again on 16 June and SAW the war out on the Western Front .	x	x	
My mother and father seemed glad to SEE me , and they welcomed Dana warmly .	2	p	
In both Testaments we SEE men of God discipling others Moses and Joshua , Elijah and Elisha , Eli and Samuel , paul and Timothy .	6	n	
I 'd like to SEE the blue tits come out you know there was a programme on television and you SAW inside a box of a blue tit , a nesting box , right inside .	1	p	
But when he popped the question she said : I 'll tell you when I SEE you .	2	p	
In fact , a musical dedicated to Elvis is on tour , giving two fans the chance to SEE it for the FORTIETH time .	1	p	
January 1 SEES the Co-op 's 12 fee cards ' ApR fall to 26.8 % and Barclays Bank 10 Visa card 's ApR dip to just 22.9 % .	9	n	
Elizabeth Mowbray watched her changing expressions , SEEInG the steadiness of her gaze as she gave thought to the revelation and its implications , the high smooth brow and long-fingered white hands .	1	p	
We 've brought someone to SEE you .	2	p	
you 'll have a lot more opportunity to SEE what goes on .	7	?	
When he did they SAW the dead animal and , in fury at being deprived of their sport , they ran the hermit through with their boar staves .	1	p	
now you have a bitter streak I 've never SEEn before .	7	n	
They 'd all SEE sense .	4	n	
professional men , for example , SEE half as many friends again as unskilled workers .	2	p	
The Rome commission on nagorny Karabakh , set up under the March 1992 decision of the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe ( CSCE ) SEE p. 38828 , met during June as a preliminary to an intended peace conference in	3	p	
He SAW her lift her arms in a slow gesture of horror , or perhaps rage , to the clear sky above .	1	p	
nor , I must confess , have I ever SEEn a fox .	1	p	
And when I SAW Bob 's name on there I thought well I know one face at least .	1	p	
He paused , too , when he SAW her there , a flame flickering to life in the backs of his eyes .	1	p	
Be very careful if ordering from a catalogue and not actually SEEInG the plants in full growth ; read the descriptions most carefully .	1	p	
As Schweitzer 's contemporary , the Roman Catholic Modernist , George Tyrrell , remarked , the biographers of Jesus looked into the deep well of history , and SAW there only the reflection of their own faces .	1	p	
Garland ( 1985a , p. 129 ) has made a similar point : although both classical and positivist criminology incorporated a conception of the relationship between the individual and the state , he SEES the positivist version as moving from a liberal mode to	5	n	
Applying ink to the page filters out certain colours , and you only SEE those reflected .	1	p	
Interest is growing fast , not only from within the Yorkshire counties themselves but from people living in other parts of the country who want to SEE the Ridings return , he said .	8	n	
no it 's it 's you would n't SEE it .	?	?	
The passengers were saddened by the thought that they were unlikely to SEE their native land again but probably neither before nor since has a group of people set out with more determination to establish a society founded on 	1	p	
So I will go to Central , SEE what they say .	7	n	
But I do n't SEE any reason why our that we should n't have the ability , as a man to making management decisions , that makes the productivity and cost profile achievable of at least what it was before Christmas .	4	n	
I did not SEE the value in teaching him the English equivalents of these words , and merely reminded him to talk in English .	4	n	
Well when did you SEE her ?	2	p	
Finally , it is necessary to SEE the national curriculum legislation in relation to the teaching profession .	5	n	
She knew she had SEEn this man not just in the fog , but in the Rockingham public house .	1	p	
Good things are expected of south eastern electricity business SEEBOARD , which SAW a change of top management earlier in the year .	9	n	
The epic duo turned and thought to SEE a Victorian high-wheeled hearse vanish into the storm .	1	p	
Ah I SEE , right .	4	n	
The last twenty years has SEEn a major effort , theoretical and observational to understand the evolution of animal societies .	9	n	
It 's as hard to do justice to the beauty of the Eternal City in a few words as it is to SEE everything in a few days .	1	p	
And the sobbing began again , and to SEE her so defeated remembering how gallant she had always been , even in the alley when she had attacked her assailant with her shoe overwhelmed him .	1	p	
We hardly SAW the Crowninshield twins .	1	p	
Since then she had SEEn many different expressions in his eyes : amusement , surprise , speculation , even respect .	1	p	
The first time Jane SAW him , he got out and proceeded to release some pigeons from a basket .	1	p	
Its neon-lit name was one of the first things visiting ships SAW as they entered the harbour .	1	p	
Of the Fault , Guilt , refusal of guilt , paranoia which Fanon SEES ( surely correctly ) as symptomatic of racism , he adds one is back in homosexual territory ( p. 183 ) .	5	n	
The committee would like to get to know YOU better and therefore be able to run our branch more efficiently so could you pLEASE fill in and return this page to any committee member/any group notice board ( SEE envelope provided ) 	3	p	
Q. Is this the worst recession you have SEEn ?	8	n	
There it rests today with all its wartime equipment on display , and every year thousands of visitors come to SEE it and the twenty-minute film that was made of its capture .	1	p	
Did you SEE any people ?	1	p	
Tell you if I was I would n't SEE you .	2	p	
Karen Rigby , regional director of MacIntyres said She wanted to come and SEE the project in action and keep it all very informal .	1	p	
Thank you for SEEInG us .	2	p	
I do not wish to SEE people , to have to talk and explain , to be stared at and wondered about , to become the object of scorn , for they are all foolish .	2	p	
Here the courts SEE themselves as charged with evaluating such concepts further and , when necessary , imposing their own views .	5	n	
You SEE I Connie .	?	?	
Having SEEn the general place of anthropological material in Marx and Engels 's writing , we can now look in a little more detail at particular works and their contents .	5	n	
as to how you personally , we wo n't hold it against you , but how you personally might like to SEE that going .	6	n	
Far from SEEInG the main enemy without , they increasingly become absorbed with blaming failures on organizational , rather than behavioural omissions .	5	n	
I hardly ever SAW a doctor .	2	p	
By now , of course , it was dark and hard to SEE anything on the water .	1	p	
G.J. Warnock , a distinguished post-war philosopher , offers a strange analysis of SEEInG which allows no place for judgement nor even the capability of it , as was the case with our driver , and which would include both the dog and the infant .	x	x	
I 'll believe it when I SEE the cheque .	1	p	
ALTHOUGH it was pleasing to SEE so many people out shopping last Saturday , I did not approve of the Oxford Street poster which urged people to Shop until you drop .	1	p	
However , headteachers SAW little hope of success especially if persistent truancy was accepted and even encouraged by parents .	6	n	
He itched to do the latter , but common sense prevailed ; he had SEEn how uncomfortable were the lives of other guys who had done that , either to marry too young or go it alone .	4	n	
UK peugeot SEES profits plunge	9	n	
I 've always wanted to be mysterious and a little bit sinister and have girls swoon when they SEE me .	1	p	
The alternative economic programmes of the Industrial Union and of the loosely allied Civic Union SEE p. 38974 were published before the conference , and reported in Izvestiya of Aug. 12 and July 23 respectively .	3	p	
And I will do it if that man 's not gon na SEE me .	2	p	
For he can not love God , whom he has not SEEn , if he does not love his brother or teacher , whom he has SEEn .	1	p	
As artists , we have SEEn shifts int he boundaries of public and private , high and low , inaccessible and accessible and , indeed , even personal and political but the influences of past feminist art practices is very rarely acknowledged .	8	n	
It it 's one of those unfortunate things that I mean I think we 've we 've got to look around and SEE what we can do about .	7	n	
Those familiar with the quality of xEnOn from the Bitmap Brothers will SEE a likeness in professional graphics and sound .	4	n	
In the 1987 elections SEE pp. 35091-92 , however , the SKDL and DEVA combined polled 13.6 per cent and gained 20 seats in the Eduskunta .	3	p	
Have you SEEn a tall guy with dark hair carrying a bag ?	1	p	
And Guy was SEEInG his mother , so he gave me a lift home .	2	p	
Krashen too SEES the value of theory as providing for adaptation :	5	n	
She even told them about the nice young man who said he had n't SEEn her for some time .	1	p	
Or are they gon na SEE it as negative and disruptive ?	5	n	
Something prompted Wycliffe to ask : May I SEE the picture ?	1	p	
Ah , Anna said , I SEE .	4	n	
Has the Secretary of State SEEn the item in The Independent yesterday about nHS spending on opted-out hospitals ?	1	p	
no one could possibly call you Miss Frostbite if they SAW you now , he drawled and , moving round to sit at his desk , he handed her back her spectacles .	1	p	
Even if only part of the reason for the discrepancy we SEE is because of factors under our control , natural justice would demand that we strive to put these right .	4	n	
Try the kitchen , Claudia said , SEEInG from the clock on her bedside table that there was an hour before she needed to get up .	1	p	
Thus as I look at the figures I SEE the question in a broader context .	5	n	
that ma , I said to Geoff , to me , you know , we 'd like to get a solicitor on it but you SEE we	4	n	
I have to go to my country to SEE my father .	2	p	
My brother SAW a pig root in a field ,	1	p	
Kohl was keen to assert his government 's commitment to further European integration and to the successful conclusion of the EC 's intergovernmental conferences on economic and monetary union which opened in December 1990 SEE p. 379	3	p	
But if this , as suggested above , is insufficient to identify Conservatism then the Oakeshottians and their imperfectionist allies may be correct in SEEInG the new right and Thatcherism as alien ideological territory .	5	n	
She SAW a shadow move across the wall opposite her as the other woman paced violently .	1	p	
This is necessary because many overhead costs are not included in work in progress but are written off against current profits each year ( SEE Chapter 11 ) .	3	p	
Watching the full-starred heavens that winter SEES ,	9	n	
First ferry and then you wo n't SEE us for dust .	1	p	
I just need to SEE her , confirm that she 's still alive .	1	p	
It 's all done up in steel pins and scaffolding to hold it up , and I once SAW a computer thing in a museum showing how it shudders when the trains go over .	1	p	
Two days later he SAW lights again in Spring Mill .	1	p	
In existing housing areas it is hard to SEE any changes at all , despite the fact that so many of these are extremely unsafe by comparison with newer areas .	1	p	
I have SEEn Colonel Steiner 's medical record and note that it 's only been a matter of weeks since he was gravely wounded .	1	p	
all that the Government has to show is that publication might cause some injury to the national interest a test which would ensure that the British equivalent of the pentagon papers would never SEE the	?	?	
Once I SAW a woman there full of grief .	1	p	
Let me SEE the menu .	1	p	
president Fidel Castro delivered a speech broadcast by radio and television on April 20 to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the abortive United States-sponsored Bay of pigs invasion SEE pp. 18151-55 .	3	p	
This would be quite consistent with SEEInG the product as a high-yielding cash cow in the mature stage of its life-cycle .	5	n	
They all feel they ca n't just split up and never SEE or speak to one another again .	2	p	
Once or twice during the next few days Bathsheba SAW Troy working in her hayfields .	1	p	
We 'll just sit out the present fighting and SEE what happens .	7	n	
national Insurance reforms ( such as the modifications to the State Earnings Related pension Scheme SERpS ) were therefore introduced as part of a broader review of the Welfare State in 1985/86 ,	x	x	
The Supreme Court on nov. 16 upheld a decision by the government of reserving 27 per cent of public-sector jobs for members of the lower castes but ruled that the total reservation should not exceed 50 per cent SEE pp. 37	3	p	
You must SEE the kittens	1	p	
They assumed agricultural savings of ECU540 million and a supplementary budget to bring 1990 expenditure to the maximum permitted under the guideline agreed in February 1988 SEE p. 35914 .	3	p	
I ca n't even SEE it .	?	?	
A record shows , ` The inhabitants of the place said we never SAW it in this fashion before ; we were left to wander and none cared for our souls ; but now a brighter day has dawned for us .	5	n	
JOHn SALAKO is to SEE the American surgeon who saved his career amid fears that he faces another lengthy lay-off with knee trouble .	2	p	
She SAW naylor Massingham 's hand in this somewhere .	6	n	
Think how it feels to be a black child looking at books , advertisements , films , TV , and hardly ever SEEInG a similar face the message that comes across is that there is no place for black people in our society .	1	p	
That had followed a request by the accused to SEE a senior officer .	2	p	
no. 7 on your list may be from Russia : The bat can not SEE the sun , and so it does n't believe the sun exists .	1	p	 
I ca n't SEE what the point is that was more than forty-five years ago	4	n	
Some SEE the ouija board as a machine to facilitate this process .	5	n	
He could SEE the horizon just above the shining disc of his propeller , and he fought to drag the leaden nose up to it .	1	p	
Jugnauth 's July electoral pact between his own  MSM  and the left-wing MMM , aimed at facilitating a move to republican status , had prompted the split between the MSM and MLp , hitherto its coalition partner SEE p. 37645	3	p	
Fabia SAW no point in butting in to comment that she had in fact come very close to doing that very thing , and after a few moments ' pause Ven went on , I knew I 'd bruised your pride , but that had been necessary when	5	n	
Many monks and local people heard the dreadful cry of horns and Hugh Candidus tells us a great many persons , of unquestionable veracity , both SAW these hunters and heard them .	1	p	
It 's still hard for me to cope with SEEInG so many people everywhere .	1	p	
He turned to face her until she could SEE his eyes .	1	p	
Despite our unsavoury choice of shipmates , our arrival was cause for celebration , and on the very first afternoon we were whisked away from Sinar Surya to stay in the comfort of the sultan 's guesthouse 	x	x	
There may well be half a million furious business people , either with severely disappointed expectations because they expected to SEE their rate bills cut by half	8	n	
But a lot of times Muddy used to say , You should have SEEn me when I was young , I was a real hellraiser !	8	p	
I do n't want to upset Thomas unnecessarily ; let 's SEE him in his office or whatever he calls it .	2	p	
So that 's er on the other hand , erm it would do if you also , if you 'll reverse them herself Florence which would , which would presumably be herself SAW Florence structure , but that 's	?	?	
perhaps , he agreed before lapsing into silence , but not before she 'd SEEn his face reflect the pleasure he 'd experienced at her instant recognition of what was clearly one of his favourite recordings .	1	p	
Bernice had just enough strength to raise her head and SEE past him .	1	p	
Hullo ! , and this may be said so softly that it is almost inaudible and we only SEE the nostrils tremble .	1	p	
Q : I thought you said your husband had SEEn the Dark Thing ?	1	p	
It 's , it 's rarely that Gail , I do n't think I 've ever SEEn Gail in here .	1	p	
So to anyone above , waiting with a lump of rock they could hide at the side of the walkway until they heard the bell then move out they SEE a man with a limp heaving himself out of the vestry door , making the disability obvious then limp along 	1	p	
Yanto could not recollect ever having SEEn him out of a boiler suit .	1	p	
The longest four-letter word ( SEE hooligans ) in the English language during the tournament , ( SEE commentators ) .	3	p	
Below : Red Shiners SEE page 114 .	3	p	
And although sales of the machines may be flat , at least we have n't SEEn a major fall like IBM .	8	n	
The most striking example I have ever SEEn of this was in Morocco , in north Africa .	?	?	
no wonder , I thought , children draw the sun so much bigger than we SEE it .	1	p	
Only painters would find this featureless landscape interesting , but if Max Liebermann and Mauve to name only two had found it worthwhile , then he wanted to SEE it .	1	p	
But if by some chance you should one day wander into a forest and catch a glimpse of a Minpin , then hold your breath and thank your lucky stars because up to now , so far as I know , no one excepting Little Billy has ever SEEn one .	1	p	
She is a lady of high birth who has lost her father and now SEES one of his friends meet a similar terrible death .	8	n	
If you 're not beautiful in our image , then put a bucket over your head , or hide at home if you 're too fat ; we do n't want to SEE you .	1	p	
Wells were coated as indicated and bound virus was detected by transfer of G418 resistance to nIH3T3 cells ( SEE Materials and Methods for details ) .	3	p	
Looking at the location of authorities , it appears that County , Inner London , Metropolitan , northern Ireland and Outer London libraries carry out more training than libraries in Wales and Scotland respectively ( SEE Table 3 ) .	3	p	
But you SEE the difference being you do n't drive do you ?	4	n	
I have SEEn carp rooting in several places but more in one area than any other .	1	p	
It was held in a number of cases that the certificate required by this statute must state the judgment of the court : SEE Reg . v. Ackroyd ( 1843 ) 1 Car .	3	p	
So , I was just leaving when I SAW them , the five inch heel , crossover ankle strap , glac kid , suedetrimmed ridiculous !	1	p	
These processes have involved constant interplay between oral and literate sources and techniques in so-called folk , popular and art traditions ( SEE Marthy 1974 ) .	3	p	
Besides , I looked all of it over as soon as I SAW it , persuaded the caretaker there to show us around .	1	p	
Shannon started to shake , hearing again the playground taunts , SEEInG the looks in the eyes of the children as they danced about her , holding hands and chanting , keeping her captive in the middle of the circle .	12	n	
Tomorrow Hari would go to Ma popits first thing and SEE what cast-off clothing she could buy for young Will .	7	p	
The changes included the introduction of the pre-trial review ( SEE above ) with the object , in part , of assisting the litigant in person , the encouragement of the use of arbitration rather than trial to resolve the dispute at the request of	3	p	
now , it had been years since I had SEEn Bartholomew Burghgesh and I considered him long dead , yet I am sure that man I glimpsed that cold December morning was Sir Bartholomew himself .	2	p	
You go b , you can go back and say now , well it is my A type behaviour that 's causing this you SEE , and SEE if that gets you anywhere .	4	n	
picking up on The Real Share Issue and The poor have n't a Share in the World we may be able to give the whole campaign a title and SEE each unit as A Share for the poor .	5	n	
did you SEE that in that	?	?	
He could not SEE its full extent from where he stood , but knew that it filled the Ch ` ang Chiang basin , eight hundred li south to the mountains , a thousand li east to west .	1	p	
Maybe you have weapons that we have never encountered , but those I have SEEn we can use as well as any of your men .	1	p	
A bomb on May 1 destroyed a newly unveiled monument in Volta Redonda , approximately 100 km north-west of Rio de Janeiro , to three steelworkers who had been killed by the Army during a strike in november 1988 SEE p. 36553 .	3	p	
I SAW the monster arrive from the marsh he looked at the when I SAW him I ran	1	p	
Harry was a little worried to SEE the water supply diminishing so rapidly but was pleased that Lucy was enjoying herself .	1	p	
Visitors can SEE an extensive collection of textile machinery dating back to the 18th century along with an exhibition tracing the development of Wales ' woollen industry from the Middle Ages .	1	p	
Some of the things they SAW were distressing enough , to be sure , but the streets were nowhere near as bad as those she had SEEn from the carriage in the close vicinity of the mills .	1	p	
I SAW the goal again on the box this morning , and it seems that Brian Deane was pushed into a marginally offside position .	1	p	
The directors of this company have therefore ignored the legal requirements now attaching to the allotment of shares and are liable to a default fine for each infringement ( SEE Sch 24 , CA1985 ) .	3	p	
Those of us who want the Scottish people to stay in the UK can SEE nothing logically wrong or abhorrent in the UK developing its constitutional relationship with its community partners .	5	n	
The 1920s in Europe , at least , had SEEn some of the same romanticism about leaving technically advanced civilization as occurred again in the 1960s and 1970s .	9	n	
Any visitors who come to the province can SEE the quality of public housing in northern Ireland .	1	p	
( Oman had opened a stock exchange in May 1989 SEE p. 37431 . )	3	p	
The first time I SAW a golf course it was Royal Birkdale .	1	p	
The result was the General practice Fundholding Scheme SEE Glennerster et al. .	3	p	
This plan argued that the renewal of the area should be based on the twin policies of the construction of social housing and industrial development , and it was to form the basis , in the late 1970s , of the partnership established between 	x	x	
Above the wall we could SEE a few palm trees , a double row of adobe domes and a square keep .	1	p	
It was a crying shame to SEE those grounds neglected .	1	p	
However , where the goods have been destroyed or stolen at a time when they were at the buyer 's risk ( SEE paragraph 336 ) , then of course he is under a duty to pay , even though delivery is impossible .	3	p	
This could simply be an artefact of the differential age distribution of the sexes for , as we SAW in Chapter 2 , there are more women in the very elderly age groups .	3	n	
One day I SAW a man pulling a small cart .	1	p	
But I am not you , and except for the shadow-elms I SEE little evidence of genesis from you you are moving too fast , perhaps .	?	?	
This is sometimes regarded as old fashioned thinking , unfortunately ,  for although clothes do n't actually make you perform better a good comfortable appearance does give the panel a chance to SEE how you SEE yourself	7	n	
Oh we SAW some	?	?	
The business , which has SEEn a remarkable change in its fortunes since Henk van Eck , a Dutch executive , rescued the ailing operation in 1985 and subsequently installed an ambitious management team , now has 	9	n	
because you SEE all this bloody expensive Aga , they wo n't be	1	p	
Magistrate Roger Davies , ordered the teenager to live with her parents as a condition of bail and to SEE her child only under the supervision of local social services .	2	p	
In that film you SEE yourself falling over , grazing your knees quite badly and , not surprisingly , crying .	1	p	
In India too people are convinced that the Western nations are SEEInG test-tube fusion and are keeping it a secret because they have realised that not only does test-tube fusion have great commercial potential ,	9	n	
Did you not think when you SAW the girl in the way you found her that I had actually ruined her , as she calls it ?	1	p	
Munn and Dunning are usually , and reasonably , considered together ( SEE also 1977 Dunning ) .	3	p	
no , but it was such to SEE sense	4	n	
I SEE Disneyland .	1	p	
Supposing we had grown to know and love nuclear power ( as the French seem to ) , would we now be SEEInG it expanding rapidly from what the International Atomic Energy Agency claims is its present provision of 16 per cent	8	n	
But the attitude of women content to stay in their middle-level comfort zones came in for a lot too not only from a male chief executive who had SEEn one of his recruits retreat from the fast track , but from senior female executives as well	8	n	
The reflectors should be available from ex-military breakers ( SEE ads in LRO ) .	3	p	
I am sure that he SAW the depressing report in The Sunday Telegraph that , with its customary foresight and thoughtfulness , the Treasury had decided to reject the Thameslink project .	1	p	
It 's been so lovely to SEE you .	2	p	
Mbongeni Khumalo , a former central committee member of the Inkatha Freedom party , provided new evidence of Inkatha and South African Defence Force ( SADF ) complicity in attacks on the AnC SEE p. 38663 for earlier revelations .	3	p	
Detective Chief Inspector Frank Thompson told the Echo : We are very anxious to speak to anyone who SAW Denise last night .	1	p	
She looked at it and could SEE no fault ; she thought of Lucy and did n't care .	1	p	
You can SEE from here the statue of Roland of Bruncvk , a 19C copy by L. imek of an earlier statue .	1	p	
It would be quite something to SEE Flakey Dove and the price family in here tomorrow quite something to SEE you here on Thursday for the Gold Cup here s your chance we 've two tickets to be won in our special competition	2	p	
Unix System V Release 4.2 now the official name for Destiny the desktop version of Unix from Unix System Laboratories Inc finally SAW the light of day at a full-dress industry event in San Francisco last week .	x	x	
On the night of 12/13 September 1942 , Gus March-phillips and Graham Hayes , with nine men , were landed in a Goatley boat ( SEE Appendix 4 ) at St Honorin near the Cherbourg peninsula .	3	p	
In May 1991 the Bangladesh aid Consortium increased longer-term assistance for the 12 months running to June 1992 SEE p. 38177 .	3	p	
You did SEE it .	?	?	
My dear girl , you could never in your life look like an old hag , and you seem to forget that so far I 've never SEEn you at your best .	1	p	
Many refugees come to SEE the medical doctor or the nurse not because they are really physically ill but because of emotional tensions headaches and unidentified pains , 	2	p	
Indeed , this is how our informants may SEE it .	5	n	
Subconsciously they 're frightened , so they put off SEEInG a doctor .	2	p	
The word itself also nicely illustrates Derrida 's point that writing does not copy speech , for it is only in the written form that one can SEE the difference between the word diffrance and the usual French diffrence .	1	p	
The Assembly elected as new members the former Soviet republics of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , the Democratic people 's Republic of Korea ( north Korea ) , the Republic of Korea ( South Korea ) , the Federated States of Micronesia	x	x	
I 'd like to SEE the award restructured as a bursary for aspiring talent though that , too , would have obvious pitfalls rather than the annual sop to what Ed terms the interests of publishers , literati or establishment .	8	n	
He said : people witnessed the man running away , others reported a man hanging around in the area but no one admits SEEInG the assault happen .	1	p	
She noticed that something was up and she came over to SEE me .	2	p	
And what about those assignments you SEE that erm , we get from the theocratic ministry school overseer , you 've all had them have n't we ?	4	n	
He was their final court of appeal and punished them as he SAW fit .	5	n	
I had n't SEEn you for months I did n't know you for er	2	p	
The kind of non-randomness that we SEE in living systems , on the other hand , is equivalent to a gigantic combination lock with an almost uncountable number of dials .	4	n	
As he SAW it , his discovery of the two types of kinship terminology afforded a powerful new research tool to investigate historical connections and to reconstruct links which had otherwise disappeared or been forgotten ( as well they might ,	5	n	
In both works we SEE an equivalent in paint on canvas to the artists ' response to their subject rather than a facile illusion of their motifs .	5	n	
This is certainly , from an assault , one of the worst series of injuries I 've SEEn for someone of her age .	1	p	
This is the general population and as you will SEE this , this er patches on the whole issue of sex ratios and what is known as the Trivers Woolard effect and I 'll explain that later cos it 's so important .	4	n	
But if we there again if we SEE somebody that 's being mugged , and we think that we can assist , or we can deal with it , then we will , you have to take every situation as it comes .	1	p	
Well done , ladies , Charles winked at Hari , I SEE the rich have come to stare , let us hope that they are as free with their orders as they are with drinking your champagne .	1	p	
I 've got to SEE their faces .	1	p	
First , Benjamin continued , When we arrived at Coldstream , the prioress said she had not SEEn Irvine .	1	p	
One needs a projection of life-cycle costs in order to SEE the benefits of adopting a risky cost-leadership policy if technological change does not occur .	4	n	
Although it was now early morning , the house was still in total silence , and so there were no witnesses to SEE Mason being helped downstairs and put in the carriage .	1	p	
He could SEE them himself , for that matter , but he wondered how she could .	1	p	
She married Mr Gotobed , the mine-owner , you SEE .	4	n	
December : visit to the USA by Shamir SEE p. 37929 .	3	p	
I wish to SEE her to renew my offer of marriage , although and his voice trembled	2	p	
You want to SEE her in the morning when she bloody get up .	1	p	
The issue of workers ' rights found expression in a Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers ( pp. 36668 ; 36985 ) which was resolutely opposed by the United Kingdom alone , but which received , in a modified form , 	x	x	
Moreover , it would enable him to SEE his sister , Edna , with whom he had always been close .	2	p	
Having been present at the weekend of events held in the City Chambers , Edinburgh earlier this month to celebrate International Women 's Day , I was shocked and appalled to SEE a letter from Alexandra Wallace ( 12 March ) on the content	1	p	
They were , she SAW with relief , still deep in conversation .	1	p	
In one dim corner of the little box he thought he could SEE an easel , and a tiny unmade bed .	1	p	
Then she SAW a thin trail of smoke rising from her sister 's clothing , and smelt the dry odour of smouldering cloth .	1	p	
She SAW her work laid out there in the garden , all the muscled cold wet harshness of it ; all the labour and the ingrained resistance to working , and she thanked her mother , who had given her this thing .	5	n	
Then suddenly she SAW him , and , as always , her heart jumped .	1	p	
But you werena there , and you didna SEE his face the way I did .	1	p	
Some may be used to develop skills of inference , SEEInG meanings that are not explicitly stated .	4	n	
palmer , with six previous trips , has SEEn the most tournaments followed by Breen , Ennis , MacKinnon and Ian Stuart , with three each , Gray ( two ) and Tynan ( one ) .	8	p	
This may be so , but I SEE no compelling reason to believe it .	4	n	
Did you SEE me as well miss ?	1	p	
She SAW oval shields , with boars and stags brilliantly gilded upon the slashed leather , broken swords , highly coloured cloaks and small chariots of wicker , broken or burned , in each of which crouched the naked form of its dead rider .	1	p	
Indeed some schools do not allow girls to do this , SEEInG pregnancy , like measles , as infectious .	5	n	
I guess i have to start watching these games again sometime soon havent SEEn them for years i could relive the period watching the games and sending out match reports to rec.sport.soccer the day after 4 years after the events took place  	1	p	
We passed under rickety wooden bridges and SAW solitary castles remnants of the Ottoman Empire standing like giant ant hills on top of the mountains .	1	p	
I keep thinking I 'm SEEInG them , he said .	12	n	
I SEE it as a silly gesture springing from her work in advertising , the promotion of appearance over substance .	5	n	
But again , it had always got to be from the Co-op , because it had come through mum you SEE , really and er sh I say she is eighty-two .	4	n	
Some times in the day time you can SEE the moon especially if it 's on a particularly bright day .	1	p	
In June 1990 the Lubbers government presented to parliament a revised national Environmental plan replacing that which had brought down Lubbers ' previous centre-right coalition SEE pp. 36666-67 ; 36900 .	3	p	
The other girls had reached the top of the bank now , and they SAW her long legs fairly leaping down the slope after the speeding pram .	1	p	
Tagging is superior to chaining whenever it is feasible ( SEE Appendix 6 for an analysis ) .	3	p	
Whether one SEES creativity in accounting as a virtue or not , it is a natural part of the tradition of flexibility in rule making ( a tradition that includes an unwritten constitution and common law , among other things ) : detailed and specific rights a	5	n	
This is not an uncommon occurrence because birds of prey have tunnel vision which means that although they can focus with deadly accuracy on the prey straight in front of them , they have difficulty SEEInG anything outside that direct lin	1	p	
She would expect , maybe , to get into Kyrenia , then SEE the Lusignan flag on the castle .	1	p	
I SAW him again after the first single had been released .	1	p	
You know , she made him sit down in the middle in front of everybody you SEE	4	n	
nigel had had a most unpleasant lunch with Maureen , who could not be brought to SEE that wills and their provisions were not to be lightly disregarded .	4	n	
Billy Arjan Singh ( SEE page 47 ) , one of India 's leading conservationists and tiger authorities , estimates that , allowing for a breeding life of fifteen years , a wild tigress only rears from five to seven and a half cubs .	3	p	
But she was n't SEEInG the chimney pots or the river ; what she was SEEInG were the clothes in her wardrobe , those beautiful clothes .	1	p	
But you never SEE the horsy nubiles with black lace skimpy things showing through their white jodhs , because women know about these things , unfortunately .	1	p	
In his design he is credited for SEEInG that auditorium planning need not be inconsistent with good architecture .	4	n	
The Institute first considered the possibility of extending openness to disciplinary hearings at the request of Council member Douglas Llambias , after he had been refused admittance as an observer to the Disciplinary Committee hearing	x	x	
er goggle eyes at the Co-op , I SAW him the other week	1	p	
Ah , but it 's y you still SEE it , I mean we still SEE it about once or twice every week .	1	p	
I think it 's important for you to to recognize , you 'll SEE form that plan that all the major radials end up on the York inner ring road .	4	n	
As by my faith I SEE no more in you	6	n	
The year SAW continued progress in setting tighter standards on emissions and in-use testing around the world .	9	n	
But you have to develop an eye for spotting possibilities ; a kind of picture eye which SEES a winter sky in the grain marking on one particular piece of veneer or a rock formation in the figure on another .	6	n	
And erm the the that was part part of their work you SEE , the these blacksmiths .	4	n	
Can you give that to your Gran , let me SEE you .	1	p	
Lenin , on the other hand , could SEE a role for the party in government .	6	n	
Okay then , right , SEE you later .	2	p	
I well remember the excitement of SEEInG the very first breeding pair on Yell back in the 1950s .	1	p	
The only time you 'd SEE it , as if be in the light	1	p	
The decisions , tantamount to a significant downgrading of COMECOn ( as also indicated by a sharp staff reduction at the Moscow secretariat ) , and which were expected to be approved at a future summit meeting , 	x	x	
At CpFnS headquarters , he SAW several of the officers he had worked with unpacking software from boxes marked pROMIS Ltd , Toronto , Canada .	1	p	
He had a clear vision of the kind of Korea he wished to SEE created , which would be based on the repudiation of Japan and vehement antagonism to communism .	8	n	
Environment is the soil and water that permits it to sprout and grow , or SEES to it that it does n't .	x	x	
Local correspondents were warning every day that the events which we SAW last winter may occur again ' .	8	n	
I can SEE the candles on the mantlepiece , I can hear the tick-tock tick-tock of the clock in this comfort-house of my mind .	12	n	
As we SAW in Chapter 1 , later Marxist explanations ( e.g. Apple 1982 ) move away from a deterministic model towards a looser one , which emphasizes hegemony and cultural resistance .	7	n	
Ya well , SEE ya .	2	p	
so that 's why you SEE a lot of talk about VAx V M S around mailboxes and funny things like that which are	8	n	
It was now she caught a glimpse of a man 's gold watch as his hand reached for a drink , and SAW to her consternation that it was already after eight .	1	p	
Miss Bedwelty had said she would come over to SEE their horses the following week .	1	p	
pete 's maiden voyage during the early morning rush hour hardly went unnoticed these cows sent scurrying for cover had never SEEn anything like it .	1	p	
He says he agrees with Mr Tebbit that many of the evil deeds of recent years which have SEEn child murders and terrorism of a particularly disgusting type , can not be answered by mere questions of policing 	9	n	
The north East CABx have SEEn the effects of unemployment in their area on a large scale over the last few years .	9	n	
Seems she 's been SEEInG Mr Marumba for a few months .	2	p	
nORTH We 've SEEn an increase in activity but people are reluctant to commit themselves , says newcastle-based peter Miller , Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ' housing spokesman .	8	n	
The Colour operation at Maastricht SAW good growth in its automotive glass enamels business as did the print operation at Limoges .	9	n	
She bent over the pool to SEE if there was a fish who could tell her the way out of the forest , but she SAW something she did n't expect .	7	p	
Up to the day before I had hoped he would come with me at least as far as perpignan , to SEE me on my way ; now there was no question of that , and indeed I could hardly wait to get away from him .	10	n	
Woken by Dr Jaffery 's dawn call , I went to SEE the Id prayers at the Jama Masjid .	1	p	
March 2 The Un Security Council passes Resolution 686 on a ceasefire in the Gulf war SEE p. 38116 .	3	p	
Recall from section 1.5.3 that the regulationist school SEES the international economy as having one national economy in a hegemonic position ; a period of structural change can thus be one in which 	5	n	
Kevin peered out of the window at the grey tarmac and the rain , and wondered what the family would say when they SAW him and his wife .	1	p	
In northern Ireland , last year SAW some 5,000 redundancies , while the number claiming dole went up by 3,500 .	9	n	
I SAW the Minister this morning , he continued .	2	p	
There is a strong feeling inside the Tory campaign that incumbency , like the mighty bulk of an oil tanker , will SEE them through .	x	x	
I 'm not sure what you mean , she stated then , but you were most definitely hostile to me when you SAW me the next day , and that was still before you knew I was a journalist .	2	p	
I SEE a great deal .	?	?	
Mike Robinson looked down from the top bunk and SAW Swain standing there .	1	p	
Elsewhere , Un officials reported progress on the destruction of Iraq 's chemical and biological weapons stocks SEE pp. 38406-07 .	3	p	
There was enough light from the sky for me to SEE the padlocks .	1	p	
If you have healthy young children , observe them closely and SEE what you can find out for yourself .	7	n	
But honestly , Mo , if you SAW him even you would fall for him .	1	p	
We can walk for days , he says , without SEEInG a rock .	1	p	
Has he SEEn the excellent Glasgow Evening Times article of 20 november which highlights that serious problem in Scotland ?	1	p	
I want her to SEE Linton , Ellen , he replied .	2	p	
She SAW her uncle only at mealtimes but his presence , brooding and oppressive , filled the house .	2	p	
We 'll SEE you in	10	p	
Company means , in short , a company registered under the Companies Acts : SEE sections 251 and 735 ( 1 ) of the Companies Act 1985 .	3	p	
Zak flashed a glance at the crew , SAW me and gave me a thumbs-up sign .	1	p	
Reluctantly , Eline went down to the kitchen in time to SEE Joe lower nina into a chair .	1	p	
Out of the window he SAW not Barry but Barry 's dog .	1	p	
But if I were a teenager and I SAW a TV star telling me that he had taken coke , I would reckon that there must be a reason why the famous spend a fortune on this drug .	1	p	
Was this what she had felt as soon as she had SEEn him a man who would interfere with her life ?	1	p	
If , instead , he had replied by a whole sentence say Mr Smith 's away this week , gone up north to SEE his old mother this would have been understood whereas a proper name ( Edinburgh ) out of the blue	2	p	
How then is it possible that a gesture I SAW performed by one person , a gesture that was connected to her , that characterized her and was part of her individual charm , could at the same time be the essence of 	1	p	
It is easy to SEE the reasons for pessimism , says an editorial .	4	n	
The Aruban economy continued to expand rapidly , based on tourism and construction SEE p. 37823 .	3	p	
A neighbour who did not give evidence at the trial of Lisa and Michelle Taylor has said she SAW a girl resembling Alison , 21 , arrive home at 6pm on the night she was stabbed .	1	p	
You SEE a name come up on the leaderboard , then it might disappear and you think to yourself , I wonder what happened to him ? , and you forget him after a while .	1	p	
At last she said : Charlotte , I will SEE the doctor now .	2	p	
I 'd like to SEE you , of course , but also I wish that you could keep on being a lovely dream that I had .	2	p	
He 's upset because he 's SEEn people in the boathouse	1	p	
I should like to SEE more control over the Commission , and its executive being checked .	8	n	
There were no strike pay , you just had a promissory note that er if ever they got any money they 'd pay you , you SEE ?	4	n	
SEEInG the world	8	p	
But er you could SEE them you know .	?	?	
It is always sad to SEE the wounded animals .	1	p	
This here SEE this ?	?	?	
nisbet 's 71st minute effort was an incredible fluke and the defender recalled : I SAW a couple of Brugge players coming at me and decided just to smack the ball .	1	p	
Where this is not feasible , it may at least be possible to arrange for the experts to SEE the child together .	2	p	
These overwhelmingly negative attitudes prevent many people from SEEInG more than a grey head .	1	p	
I offered my thanks to the interviewer for SEEInG me and shook his/her hand at the end .	2	p	
Very little had changed in the village street but , as I walked towards her door , I SAW smoke coming from the garden .	1	p	
I can SEE two orange spots of light where Marie and peter are smoking fags .	1	p	
They looked round and about and finally SAW me .	1	p	
The home manual school panel meeting erm on erm for sometime now and I think for those people who do n't get to SEE the government .	2	p	
Iran 's relations with other West European countries began to improve a few months after the initial call by Ayatollah Khomeini for Rushdie 's death , although Rafsanjani 's statement in May 1989 advocating 	x	x	
It was a moving song , and I could SEE people with tears in their eyes , but I kept wondering why I could n't feel anything .	1	p	
perhaps , when you look at a velvet lawn you actually SEE the colour which I call red .	12	n	
I can guarantee that Wolstenholme has not SEEn anything like it before .	9	n	
So we SEE the emergence without any express authority of an ad hoc national police force , co-ordinating the use of highly trained riot police and operating aggressive and uncompromising new tactics .	8	n	
Along with the development of the urban economy , the education system and public services , the decades after the great reforms SAW a rapid broadening in the ranks of educated , urban-orientated society outside officialdom .	9	n	
It is therefore most important that students of accounting and economics should SEE their tools and techniques within the organizational context in which they will have to be used .	5	n	
Recently the International Secretariat of the Golden Oldies was in Dublin to run the rule over the arrangements and all the indications were that the officials were pleased with all they SAW .	1	p	
Thirdly , if the marriage is dissolved the disposition may be one where no gratuitous benefit is intended ( SEE Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s10 ) as it is to settle the claim of the former spouse ( SEE Chapter 2 , p20 ) .	3	p	
Did you SEE his face when he first came into the room ?	1	p	
It had been known at the time of his appointment that Miyazawa and members of his Cabinet had been implicated  in the Recruit-Cosmos share scandal which brought down the Takeshita administration in 1989 SEE pp. 36463-64 .	3	p	
I could feel myself starting to slide off into sleep ; I began to imagine and SEE all sorts of weird things behind my eyes : maze-shapes and spreading areas of unknown colours , then fantastic buildings and spaceships.	12	n	
The women were responsible for SEEInG that the work was done and for setting the standards .	x	x	
We can SEE what went on by looking at the volumes of the annual Report of the Association ; for instance that of 1855 , containing the proceedings of the meeting at Liverpool in September 1854 .	4	n	
Role conception is how I SEE the role I am expected to play .	5	n	
A government appeal in July to the Supreme Court , increased in size by presidential decree  , allowed the privatization of the state airline Aeorolneas Argentinas to proceed , although by March 1991 the sale was on the verge of collapse SEE 	3	p	
And there were patterns up in this store you SEE .	4	n	
I 've SEEn Jay tongue out figs in the most suggestive manner , and positively drool over the sweet flesh of a mango .	1	p	
papandreou , 72 , continued to refuse to appear in court to answer accusations of betraying public trust and of accepting bribes , as part of a US200 ,000,000 embezzlement at the Bank of Crete in 1986-88 SEE p. 37514 .	3	p	
The lobbying of America has been a curious off-the-books exercise ( SEE box on next page ) .	3	p	
That , that is the problem I ca n't change that here that and not particularly that problem back up usually here Right , it 's important to SEE this , so can we have a quick ten minute break and I want somebody	?	?	
I could just SEE my face in it .	1	p	
If they sent haematologists around local firms and offices then men would be honour bound to take the blood test when they SAW their colleagues taking it .	1	p	
At the same time , though , I can SEE Mother 's side of it , at least on this one point , for she has n't considered herself as being just a housekeeper all these years , she 's felt mistress of the place , and she 's going to miss it .	4	n	
In contrast to the functionalist , then , who SEES the capacity of the human being to communicate as simply a vehicle for the activation of imposed cultural rules , for the action theorist this capacity is the essential creative ingredient	5	n	
He was sure that he would know the truth when he SAW them together .	1	p	
August : dismissal of Bhutto government and appointment of caretaker government SEE pp. 37652-53 .	3	p
And if you do n't , then you can SEE very quickly what 's gone wrong , and probably where it 's gone wrong , as well .	4	n	
Over his not entirely clean white collar you could SEE his Adam 's apple thumping .	1	p	
The books were at the auditors and I did n't want to hold up the minutes and , as you 'd all mostly SEEn them anyway , I felt that perhaps I could let them go .	1	p	
When she crossed her legs you could almost SEE her stocking-tops .	1	p	
A peace agreement signed at Kourou in French Guiana in June 1989 SEE p. 36811 had been denounced at the time by Bouterse and had never been implemented .	3	p	
And they 'd all got er status symbols you SEE and it was quite a ceremonial thing that they used to have .	4	n	
I 've never SEEn you do that before ! she exclaimed .	1	p	
I SAW her on the way to the doctors and she 'd thought she 'd got chicken pox .	1	p	
The next few years SAW several appeals for sanity from top scientists who were Disarmers in 1955 an appeal to renounce force because radio-activity could wipe out whole nations , neutral or belligerent was signed by fifty-two nobel prizewinners .	9	n	
You travel for hour after hour SEEInG no one and nothing .	1	p	
In making the choice between headhunting or in-house recruiting , it is clear that the crux of the matter is the level of appointment involved ; most employers do SEE a place for both methods .	5	n	
In mid-June 1988 Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Tian Zengpei and his Soviet counterpart Igor Rogachev , held the 12th round of Sino-Soviet normalization talks in Moscow SEE pp. 35839-40 for 10th and 11th rounds of normalization talks .	3	p	
They have been loyal with their money , as well as their feelings , to the 10m who still live in Greece ; their remittances still cover about a sixth of the trade gap ( SEE table 4 on next page ) .	3	p	
A six-month extension of the UnFICYp mandate was approved by the Un Security Council on Dec. 14 , 1989 for 1987 , 1988 and June 1989 extensions SEE pp. 35850 ; 36711 ; 36823 .	3	p	
Daryl was puzzled , but Sally do n't be silly my mother says in a letter she 's SEEn your baby sister she 's three months old she said .	1	p	
But yes , yes now the Warlords were angling away from one another as they tramped thunderously towards the Marines who could certainly SEE them now through veils of smoke in the darkness riven by the lightning of explosions .	1	p	
I want to SEE our bedroom .	1	p	
The deadlock was broken in May 1992 at the Tashkent summit of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) SEE p. 38922 , when participants agreed on the division of the conventional arsenal and troops of the former Soviet Union .	3	p	
I would n't want to embarrass you , but I really can SEE no alternative at present .	4	n	
It 's a bit like a boxer dog because Derek 's sis sister had a boxer dog and he used to we used to walk along country lanes and then he 'd pi , he used to SEE something he used to go straight through the hedge !	1	p	
He was curious to remember where he 'd SEEn that impudent young face before .	1	p	
For form of notice of intention to appear ( Form 6.20 in Sched 4 to the rules ) , SEE Appendix C , form 27 .	3	p	
Its pointed head has the sort of bill you 'd expect to SEE on a prehistoric bird with a notch at the end like an aircraft , s radar .	1	p	
Customers were asked to fill in a brief form stating whether they knew or had SEEn Mr McEvoy .	1	p	
Up and down different ones , different loch and er you could SEE Inveraray Castle in the distance we , er after we married we went to Inveraray Castle , went over it	1	p	
Gazzer SAW her take one hand off the top of the gates and jam it into a wide split in the wood , then she crouched down and grabbed Simon 's jacket with the other hand .	1	p	
And when Sir William died she SAW no reason to slow down .	4	n	
Worse , although Thornton knew that Hayling SAW himself as a potential chief executive , he demanded that the business side of the paper be immediately put under the direction of an upfront businessman with a solid track record .	5	n	
preparations started in 1984 to return no 4468 Mallard to full working order for the fiftieth anniversary of its recordbreaking run in 1988 . 1986 SAW the locomotive 's return to steam in original streamlined condition .	9	n	
She could not speak , but he SAW her panicked eyes staring from the spaces between his long fingers .	1	p	
Unperturbed by the experience , Brabham SAW his future in England and returned with his wife in 1957 to set up home .	6	n	
He SAW the theory as a way of uniting all sciences but the academic world did not readily accept the theory as presented at a philosophical seminar in Chicago in 1937 ( Holt-Jensen , 1981 ) .	5	n	
A month which had SEEn less and less of Cornelius Murphy .	9	n	
nonetheless , subjects in such studies will almost always remember having SEEn the arousing stimuli themselves .	1	p	
Where the where I used to SEE the Bella magazines was n't in Southern we went with Bill 's father .	1	p	
Radical feminists SEE the put-downs and discrimination experienced by girls as the means by which men control women and by which boys control girls .	5	n	
Elizabeth : Elizabeth , a young woman who lives with her sister in a remote and primitive cottage in the Welsh mountains , came to SEE me about an infestation of scabies .	2	p	
But it is only when we SEE conversion as a miraculous , radical and gracious act of God , that there is an adequate basis and motivation for church growth .	5	n	
Through refining our feed , by leaving things out and SEEInG what happens , we have been able to define the dietary requirements of the prawn throughout its development .	7	n	
The group says that the survival of evidence over a period of years defies expectations and improves the prospects for enforcement of the recently signed international Chemical Weapons Convention ( SEE nature 361 , 105 ; 1993 ) .	3	p	
It 'd be good to SEE him too !	2	p	
Dot could SEE no way out .	4	n	
What was he like when you SAW him last ?	2	p	
But once he told me that he was n't about to change and that he was likely to be a lifetime philanderer , I SAW red and thought , Screw you !	x	x	
no inquiries have been made into the 240 Ulster soldiers who sacrificed their lives for their country instead we SEE them being framed by our so called police force and left to spend their lives in a prison cell for crimes they did n't commit .	8	n	
but I have actually SEEn all of the others .	?	?	
It 's perhaps of some interest to us that erm these to great - isms , liberalism and nationalism I think we can SEE them as products of the French revolution .	5	n	
David SEES cases through from beginning to end , an important aspect of the firm 's training programme .	x	x	
She twisted round in the seat but could SEE no sign of a pursuing car .	1	p	
But they probably had not SEEn him crawling naked around a room in a spiked dog collar attached to a lead held by a young woman in stiletto heels , brandishing a riding crop .	1	p	
The approaching flames were nearer now , and beyond them he could SEE the villagers trying to peer through the smoke to make out what was happening .	1	p	
You turn right and you go down it and you 'll SEE a sign for Lower Thornton .	1	p	
We must therefore allow for this even if we can not always SEE it .	?	?	
And he could SEE no profit for the increasingly dispirited Americans not with this president , at least .	4	n	
From there I could SEE the other islands , and I could also SEE a boat , far out to sea .	1	p	
It made me shaky , SEEInG Harry dopey like that , pumped full of drugs .	1	p	
As soon as she SAW this , she gave a delighted laugh , and pushed me out of the gate .	1	p	
I went to CHRISTIAn SALVESEn pLC 's head office to SEE their Group p.R.O.	2	p	
In the industrial manufacture of hydrogen by the Bosch process ( SEE section 12.1 ) , carbon dioxide is removed from hydrogen by bubbling the gaseous mixture through water at high pressure .	3	p	
This was prompted by reports that the two governments had been providing logistic support for UnITA South African Foreign Minister Roelof pik Botha , hitherto a negotiator in the conflict SEE p. 39129 , had been declared persona non grata	3	p	
A die-hard SVR4 advocate , Tandem is interested in SEEInG its fault-tolerant enablers incorporated in the base operating system to save it from having to re-invent the wheel each time a revision is done	8	n	
I worry about what my neighbours might think , SEEInG me dumping three or four black bin-liners outside when they know I 'm living alone .	1	p	
He was ordered to pay a one franc symbolic fine to nucci ( who had been amnestied in April 1990 SEE p. 37684 ) and to return F21 ,534,298 of public funds to the state .	3	p	
Remember I SAW you on the ice .	1	p	
I mean I 've SEEn men work underneath the sewage and now of course that 's all manica mechanical .	8	p	
It is clear from the very beginning that he is a weak and unpopular ruler as the following lines suggest : I SEE the state of persia droop and Your despised brother .	5	n	
Aye , cos we even had people where , where , where the placard you SEE , people 'll say oh that house , I wonder if they 'll let us have a look at it now as they 're passing	4	n	
not that she had SEEn it so at the time .	5	n	
The airborne branch has long since been covered in its own thorough MAA 139 , so it is welcome to SEE this new and interesting study of the LFDs in much greater and more specific depth , and well illustrated .	5	n	
Groups with sales over 500m have SEEn total debt rise by 76 % ; and with recession in full swing are likely to continue scaling back jobs , the survey warns .	8	n	
We could go and SEE that picture we missed tonight .	1	p	
He SAW a blue loincloth , flat breasts , purple sea with coral tracings lying flatly on it .	1	p	
Textiles are admirably suited to the dictates of fashion , which guarantees continuous demand ( 1983 : 3499 ) , and the same period SAW the rise of women 's fashion magazines ( 1983 : 47 ) .	9	n	
Anyway perhaps if if I come back to you after next Tuesday afternoon when I 've got a meeting to talk just about that subject with the deputy and SEE what options are going to come forward .	7	n	
The 1980s SAW another twist in the controversy surrounding the structure of local government .	9	n	
The authors therefore SEE the relationship between data-base and hyper-text technologies as symbiotic rather than parasitical .	5	n	
But manager Howard Wilkinson 's hopes that Batty would be available to spark a revival at Elland Road were dashed yesterday when the player said : I ca n't set a comeback date and if things do n't improve soon I 'll have to SEE a specialist .	2	p	
pop it out , pop that up are you , SEE teddy bear , SEE the teddy bear	1	p	
oh , I 've just SEEn the word David , I have just SEEn the word David	1	p	
During all our alterations I 've SEEn it in the old garage away up in a loft and I 've SEEn it put out in the back yard in the rain , and I 've always saved it and it 's there today .	1	p	
There were fears of a crackdown in those republics demanding their independence , especially the Baltic states given the events of January 1991 SEE p. 37944-45 and more recent attacks on border posts SEE pp. 38302 ; 38350 .	3	p	
Family , friends or working colleagues SEE us more clearly than we realise .	4	n	
I have heard loose talk of people SEEInG things here by night , but I 've never paid the least attention , so I ca n't tell you what they claim .	12	n	
The Bologna appeal court in April 1991 quashed the convictions of Mario Tuti and Luciano Franci , who had been given life sentences in December 1986 SEE p. 34956 in connection with 	3	p	
So when the chairperson does not like it , or can not understand it or never SEES your advertising and your advertising is designed to appeal ( say ) to factory supervisors or teenagers , you can treat this judgement with the appropriate degree	1	p	
To her further annoyance she SAW a faint trace of amusement in his eyes .	1	p	
Marx SAW them as promoting the bourgeois state , which was an advance on feudalism and which , in turn , would give rise to the proletarian state .	5	n	
It 's good of you to come and SEE me .	2	p	
We also SAW the Concubine 's pool where the Emperor 's favourite concubine used to bathe many centuries ago , and had a bath in the hot spring water ourselves before lunch .	1	p	
Ludens had found space and time , amid his new sensations , to feel very sorry that he had not gone to SEE Franca when she had , so unusually , as he realised just afterwards , invited him .	2	p	
I 'd not been thinking of us as boyfriend and girlfriend , you SEE .	4	n	
So you SAW him .	1	p	
Six miles away at the RSpB reserve at Loch Garten , you can SEE the nesting ospreys and in the adjoining Abernethy Forest you can walk in 21,000 acres of mountain , moorland and native pine forest .	1	p	
In contrast with north Tyne side , all sectors have SEEn a downturn since 1981 .	9	n	
But they do not like everything they SEE .	1	p	
Dalziel 's superiors would not have been happy to SEE him .	1	p	
But we 'd enjoy SEEInG what we could do and , you never know , we might surprise ourselves .	7	n	
After a mile he came out on a road and SAW the spire of the Lutheran church of Ellrich Village ahead of him .	1	p	
The only exception to this rule was Uncle Jack , who clearly had his sights set on several more whiskies when Charlotte insisted , at Ursula 's request , on driving him to the station and SEEInG him aboard the London train .	10	n	
Mr nichol demanded : Who leaked this report before we in the defence had a chance to SEE it ?	1	p	
Herd animals SEE themselves as put-upon ; everyone takes advantage of them and the herd is their only chance to stay equal .	5	n	
I would n't have been able to SEE that gateway , so I ca n't say whether she was there or not , at five .	1	p	
Zubi , who had been prime Minister since 1987 SEE pp. 36178-79 , was reported to have selected his new Cabinet after consultations with the leaderships of the five parties ( including the Ba'ath party )	3	p	
In volume four , we SEE numerous incidences of excessive racism .	7	n	
So you want to SEE it ?	1	p	
But the Russian SAW the look in his eyes .	1	p	
I think we 'll SEE a lot of that this half now the ball up and Rozario winning his share of flick on headers .	1	p	
The subject has been reviewed ( White et al , 1981 ) and will be briefly described here ( SEE Figure 5.1 ) .	3	p	
Also absent from the congress were Deng xiaoping SEE p. 37318 for Deng 's retirement from his last remaining post and former party secretary Zhao Ziyang , who had reportedly asked for leave .	3	p	
It had been written on 8 June , and he said quite clearly that it would be his last until I SEE you again .	2	p	
I expect we 'll now SEE trade unionists and others appointed where appropriate .	8	n	
Only a relatively narrow width was surfaced with stone , and the remainder was left under grass as we SEE it today .	1	p	
Some philosophers of religion have SEEn God as a higher stage of this process .	5	n	
What the heck did she ever SEE in that one ?	6	n	
Then with the tips of the forefingers , trace around the spiral of the ears ( SEE Fig. 11 ) .	3	p	
Graham believes care managers will have the option of pursuing careers in management or specialist practice roles : I do n't SEE a problem with returning to direct client work .	4	n	
Moving to page three , is the revised estimates for your Committee for the current year , and you 'll SEE there , the format is somewhat to the one you 've SEEn in future years , we have had	3	p	
In a one-dimensional system six unique relationships can be established , by defining the occurrence of the secondary within the three zones about the primary ( SEE Figure 2.10 ) .	3	p	
In these days of high land values and intensive land use it is comforting to the conservationists among us to SEE areas such as Threipmuir Common being designated as a Site of Special Interest and thus being left to nature .	8	n	
This applies to both offences and SEE offence I ( C ) 4 for ways to prove this point .	3	p	
The main issues discussed were the development of bilateral trade relations and the future relationship between the European Free Trade Association ( EFTA ) , of which Finland was a member , and the planned European single market	x	x	
peter , who was sitting on the nearside at the back of the car , could SEE a muscle jumping in Hubert Molland 's cheek .	1	p	
Your first stop is their excellent catalogue which contains a wealth of detail start to wear a dream now SEE page 9 .	3	p	
When he stares at me again I SEE flecks of amber in the brown of his eyes .	1	p	
She was working in the er cupboard so I just pu I just put in the key because when Barbara come in she did n't lock it you SEE .	4	n	
Have you been I mean will we SEE you at number one tomorrow ?	2	p	
Did you learn what colour the carpet will be ? she teased her assistant , SAW him grin cheekily , and added , since she was only five years older than him , My name 's Leith .	1	p	
It is heartening to SEE the precautionary principle being applied to potential risk situations , even though it is not applied more widely throughout the ppG note .	8	n	
He SAW the weird underworld life for himself , and heard the horrible drip of water leaking through .	1	p	
One of the few occasions I ever SAW him and the only one in which we sat face to face .	1	p	
I SAW what they did to Alec Davidson and I was determined to avoid such treatment .	1	p	
You need to be very patient in trying to convince him to SEE a doctor .	2	p	
erm , I can remember the three piece suite it was that uncut moquette stuff , you do n't SEE it now do you ?	1	p	
If , in a Rorschach test , I show you a symmetrical ink blot , you do not SEE merely an ink blot , but a bat , a witch , a face , or a dragon .	12	p	
For appeal , SEE City of Glasgow District Licensing Board v. MacDonald , 1978 S.L.T. ( Sh.Ct . ) 74 , which confirmed the competent procedure to be a summary application to the sheriff where the alteration had been carried out without consent .	3	p	
UnIFEM is represented on the planning group for WACC 's International Conference on Women , to be held in Thailand in February 1994 ( SEE article on page 3 ) .	3	p	
Money ( SEE definition below ) .	3	p	
Does she SEE her ghost ?	12	n	
The band was playing in Switzerland when they SAW a building on fire .	1	p	
I had no idea at all , you SEE .	4	n	
The plaintiff guard SAW the defendant on the outside of the train and gave the incorrect signal to the driver .	1	p	
It was after Frank Hoddinott joined us in 1923 that palace fans ( all too briefly ) SAW Whitworth at his best .	1	p	
The pelargoniums we grow are derived from wild species native to South Africa , and it 's interesting to SEE some of these plants in Hazel 's collection .	1	p	
Among the more significant changes , prompted in part by criticism of the government 's handling of events leading up to the Iraqi invasion of August 1990 SEE pp. 37631-41 , was the replacement of the Foreign Affairs Minister	3	p	
Even if he had been aware of the presence , the darkness would have prevented him SEEInG the man who watched his flat .	1	p	
Other points of conflict between the two countries included the reluctance of the US administration to allow India to buy certain items of advanced technology , including a supercomputer and defence items 	x	x	
This year , the panel of judges SAW the addition of prominent artist Ralph Steadman , who joined norman Mathieson , Arthur Watson and Helen Wood .	9	n	
The regal splendour of all these works and their abundance , too great to list further , are well worth SEEInG .	1	p	
And she added : I SAW Kenneth in many , many lights .	5	n	
On Aug. 2 Fujimori continued his policy of replacing senior figures in the security forces SEE p. 37608 by ordering the retirement of 24 police generals , including Gen. Juan Zarate , head of the national anti-narcotics police unit .	3	p	
Well you 've got shades on so when you look around you SEE whatever 's around inside the game .	1	p	
Many hours went by , and then I SAW your ship .	1	p	
Out of hours paul is a keen motor racer ( SEE last edition of Environmental Issues ) as well as regularly crewing a J-24 yacht in various races around the Welsh coast .	3	p	
SEEn her doing programmes and this sort of thing .	1	p	
Erm actually I 've spoken to Ian at erm newark TEC , and he 's already arranged to SEE me tomorrow afternoon .	2	p	
nevertheless , on reaching the spot where they had SEEn a person loitering , there was no one to be SEEn .	1	p	
Reluctantly she admitted that she wanted to SEE him all the time .	2	p	
She waited a moment and , as she SAW light dawn on the other woman 's face , she started to think that they were getting somewhere .	1	p	
* We have SEEn one kind .	?	?	
One of the Assembly 's first actions was to approve legislation in April dissolving all of the country 's powerful state enterprise unions SEE p. 38151 .	3	p	
But , as prisoners SEE it , the new system means only that they receive negative replies to their complaints more quickly .	5	n	
She SAW the car stop .	1	p	
Yeah that 's right SEE SEE what I mean ?	4	n	
But I have not SEEn it close .	1	p	
The pursuers SAW it , too , and lingeringly across the valley , long after they had launched it , he heard their shout of triumph .	1	p	
I SEE the editing together of these elements repeated with new possibilities .	6	n	
Young was later to go through an Engels-like change of heart , though it was clear that he was sceptical from the start ( SEE his contribution to Taylor , Walton and Young , 1975 ) .	3	p	
His ancestors SAW other changes .	8	n	
We shall , indeed , know the score when we SEE the names appointed to run all three new agencies .	7	n	
Central to the company 's future client/server capabilities is a strategic partnership with the start-up Forte Software to simplify development of mission-critical client/server applications for on-line transaction processing ( SEE pa	3	p	
I will wish to SEE the report and its recommendations by1 July 1992 .	1	p	
The government today SEES them as as important for housing policy as are the local authorities .	5	n	
naturally the whole Guitarist team will be there , so come and SEE us , buy a T-shirt , take out a subscription , get yourself a CD , sort out some back issues or just have a chat .	2	p	
It SEES far fewer categories of goods or services as being susceptible to trade , and in particular SEES companies as communities rather than commodities , basing wages on structured scales rather than market rates.	5	n	
The immediate task , as he SAW it , was to open foreign policy up to democratic pressure , so that both the disinterested masses and the interested merchants and manufacturers could concert their influence for peace	5	n	
Bye bye sci Yeah SEE you Thursday .	2	p	
You really have to SEE this game in action to appreciate the animation and perspective .	1	p	
Apart from using subtle ways to show his disapproval of her , he SAW the redundancy exercise initiated by the government of Tanzania as the perfect excuse and a legitimate cover for her dismissal .	5	n	
Er if you were a fairly decent criminal though you , you may well have a look through the windows to SEE if you can SEE any detectors on the wall , just to confirm it , because by now you 'd be thinking that a lot of these are dummies .	7	p	
It has been taken up both by those who SEE in it an attack upon civilization as an unnatural cage in which man is incarcerated and by those who take it to be a defence of civilization as man 's natural home .	5	n	
He had SEEn the signals too late .	1	p	
The staff who had greeted her arrival with such scepticism were sad to SEE her go .	8	n	
So next time you SEE a decaying barn or cottage , stop the car , take a snap or two , and send them to SAVE with the name and address of the property .	1	p	
Where did you SEE it ?	1	p	
Some years ago I SAW Sister Gemmell of the Church Army on television .	1	p	
To clear the codes SEE the list in the Appendix on page 75 .	3	p	
I have SEEn people close to tears as they own up to being over 50 .	1	p	
I can SEE a	?	?	
Andrew Kimani ngumba , a former Assistant Minister for Lands and Settlement and mayor of nairobi , returned from Sweden on Dec. 2 , 1989 , after three years of self-imposed exile SEE p. 35430 .	3	p	
He SEES the revolution of 1905 as a disintegrating halfway stage rather than a hopeful beginning , stressing the superficial glow and gloss of success .	5	n	
In no other household had she ever SEEn a slop basin , and she hated to SEE an eccentricity erected into a symbol of the traditionally correct .	1	p	
His black hair was well streaked with grey , and she could SEE white streaks in his beard as well , as his stubble grew thick and unkempt .	1	p	
I ca n't SEE Ken	1	p	
As many of you will have SEEn the Macmillan nurse Appeal has also been launched as has the Help The Aged Home Security Appeal , so it appears we have made the right decision to delay until January .	8	p	
Karl , Therese , I shall SEE you separately this afternoon .	2	p	
The Charity Commissioners understand that many charities are out of step in this matter but they do wish to SEE matters being regularised as soon as possible .	8	n	
The management board is the central policy and decision-making agent in the school and as such is the focal point of the consultative structure ( SEE Figure 4.1 ) .	3	p	
On the following day Li peng was confirmed as premier of the State Council and on April 12 the npC approved the appointment of a new State Council SEE pp. 36102-03 .	3	p	
Every registered student shall have an adviser of studies or research supervisor and shall be required to SEE the adviser or supervisor at the beginning of the academic year , at the end of each term , and at such other times as may be required .	2	p	
She turned to face him and he SAW how her skin was shivering , the self-control leaking out of the corners of her eyes , her face breaking up .	1	p	
The last decades of the nineteenth century SAW the coming together of all the major themes of its sexual discourses : class pride and evangelism , moral certainty and social anxiety , the double standard and respectability and moral purity .	9	n	
normally you SEE these kinds of injuries with victims of road accidents .	8	p	
They SEE eternity in terms of the response made to God while on earth .	5	n	
The more stringent requirements may not be needed for all processes , but , where only one supply is available , this has to meet the strictest limits ( SEE Table II ) .	3	p	
In America , Mario knew nothing but success and when I last SAW him with Karl Haas at the Meadowlands , a world away from FI , he was still a happy man , still at ease with himself and without regrets .	1	p	
He SAW the advantages that England might gain from a successful coup in Scotland by them , which would take their political pressure off him at home .	4	n	
This relief cost the Exchequer 1.1 billion in 1978/79 , but is estimated to have reached 7 billion in 1989/90 ( SEE Figure 8.3 ) .	3	p	
What happened then he never SAW , it remained always a confusion and a blank to him , but certainly there was another cry , louder and more astonished than his , and a sudden sharp impact like a blow , and the clatter of the whip falling .	1	p	
To picture a man in words , one 's much like another , said Aldhelm , but bring me to SEE him , I 'll pick him out from a thousand .	2	p	
I 've never had veal that is n't , only cow , if you SEE what I mean .	4	n	
The doctor will be here soon , and I 'm sure She turned as the door behind her opened , and the curly-haired doctor she 'd SEEn briefly in the dining-room came softly towards the bed .	1	p	
The individualist interest is served by the assumption that people SEE the constraints as binding them and act accordingly .	5	n	
All of my fish are from South America and although I find fish from other parts of the world attractive , I have never had any desire to keep them until I SAW a Myxocyprinus asiaticus .	1	p	
Far from being influenced by superstitions about her groom SEEInG her outfit before the big day , Erika enlisted Trevor 's help in making it .	1	p	
Although the main thing was that he now had clear proof that she was alive , he could SEE a lot more work ahead before he found her , if he ever found her .	6	n	
If their motive actually is er to enjoy SEEInG a fox torn to pieces er then I suggest to them er that is unbearable cruel there are of course objections to er this motion and to its further extension the banning of fox hunting altogether .	1	p	
My wardrobe may not be as current these days , and I hardly SAW a movie for a year and a half while I was getting myself back on my feet financially .	1	p	
For a more general discussion of South Korea 's development , SEE Brandt ( 1978 ) and ESCAp ( 1979 ) .	3	p	
You can SEE air forever	?	?	
The Beveridge Committee , which reported shortly before the Churchill government took office in 195 1 , SAW no conflict .	4	n	
As she heaved herself up against the pillows she discovered she was wearing a man 's shirt , extra-large and striped , and she 'd never SEEn that before , either .	1	p	
I 'm er I 'm not saying I , the headlines you SEE , so I will select the headline I 'm interested in .	4	n	
He laughed softly , but his eyes glittered as he SAW the hatred in hers .	1	p	
He SAW a shape through the mist , standing and watching him .	1	p	
August : Andean Declaration on Uruguay Round SEE p. 37652 .	3	p	
Alan could n't SEE any way to turn back now , but in any case , he was regaining strength .	4	n	
I gather you SAW Esther .	2	p	
Schedule 4 to the rules contains both an application and an affidavit ( Forms 6.4 and 6.5 ) , SEE Appendix C , forms 9 and 10 .	3	p	
The Malaysian aboriginals are usually classified as non-violent , nonaggressive , peaceful etc. , as well as non-hierarchical ( SEE Dentan 1976 , 1978 ; Robarchek 1977 , 1979 ; Robarchek and Dentan 1987 ; Howell 1981 , 1984 , 1988 ) .	3	p	
It does not take too much distortion to SEE it as an anti-abortion tract .	5	n	
He stated that a free trade treaty would serve as a strong commercial bridge , integrating both northern and southern hemispheres , and would complement the June 1990 US Enterprise for the Americas Initiative SEE p. 37526 .	3	p	
The talks followed the seizure on July 5 of the assets of the Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI SEE p. 38355 ) in which Abu Dhabi 's ruling al-nahayan family held a majority share .	3	p	
their application at international level ( SEE Chapter 1 ) ;	3	p	
His mother was in the kitchen doing the ironing and although the door was open she could n't SEE him .	1	p	
By the end of 1989 the security situation SEE p. 37183 had effectively undermined Abdullah 's alliance administration , with the imposition of a military curfew and the prospect of direct rule by central government .	3	p	
The Castle was faintly lit by the soft light of the moon , and Grainne , pausing to look down over the courtyard through a small side window , SAW how the countryside was bathed in radiance .	1	p	
The orange light resolved itself into four roadwork lanterns and then he SAW the cordon and roadblock with its black-and-white wooden pole which had been set up ahead , blocking off the entrance road	1	p	
Roland SAW her black silk skirts , her velvet trains , sweeping compressed between the Fathers of the Church , and heard her firm foot ring on metal among the German poets .	1	p	
It happened suddenly and she 's SEEn every specialist there is .	2	p	
On Feb. 13 , 1989 , president dos Santos dismissed Industry Minister Henrique de Carvalho dos Santos , responsibility for Industry passing to Domingo das Chagas Simoes, who had been appointed to the Internal Trade portfolio on Jan. 13 SEE 	3	p	
Good thing I 'm wearing mother 's emeralds , Emily whispered to her aunt , you wo n't SEE finer gems than mine anywhere in this room .	1	p	
How sad to SEE one of our senior trade union officials doing exactly the same in 1992 .	8	p	
The second , and complementary element to analysing the impact of the SEM is the regional dimension ( SEE Chapter 7 ) .	3	p	
For October 1991 operations against Turkish Kurdish bases in Iraq SEE p. 38547 .	3	p	
The Scottish goalkeeper Jack Harkness once claimed I never SAW any forward with as many scars and hacks , and Gallacher 's brother-in-law , the Gateshead player George Mathieson remembered  .	1	p	
How I should love to SEE them !	2	p	
Walesa wrote : Time has already rejected the outdated round table contract under which the former ruling pUWp and its allies were guaranteed 65 per cent of parliamentary seats SEE pp. 36722-24 for June 1989 elections under this system	3	p	
Which is why I SAW no real point in pushing the human poor-little-baby bit .	4	n	
We have SEEn such a case with the Lloyd 's building .	8	n	
Johnson Matthey 's pharmaceutical business has SEEn continued growth and has made a strong contribution to group profits during the year .	9	n	
Oh , Mum , I wish Gran had n't SEEn my diary .	1	p	
The only constant is change , and this is particularly true for those of us in the new emerging divisions . 1991 has SEEn many changes both external and internal ; some placed upon us by legislative bodies and the fluctuating state of the economy 	9	n	
Of far greater significance for the inter-war period were those who SAW fascism mainly as a positive force which would create a new society deriving directly from the war experience .	5	n	
As newspaper costs escalated and as the nature of the commodity changed politicians and political parties SAW their financial grip over newspapers being prised open ; by the late 19th century , newspapers had become such costly ventures	8	n	
Hillwalkers SEEInG one should send a card with the date and map reference to the RSpB or the Scottish Wildlife Trust .	1	p	
She would even extend her fancy into the shops she visited , SEEInG them as markets where she could choose a fish by the brightness of its eye , a chicken by its stiff yellow claws and plump breast , .	5	n	
I came specially in the hope of SEEInG Doctor Volkov .	2	p	
It will be interesting to SEE if players graduate to different shirt nos next season .	7	n	
Since the section ends with a statement of our lack of access to , and control over , our mental and linguistic input systems , I SEE little reason for it to be there .	4	n	
If he had been close to the cliff I would not have been able to SEE him , but I could SEE the whole section of shoreline , and there was no boat there .	1	p	
He has SEEn a certain facility in my work for grading and assembling the facts .	5	n	
She was even ready to SEE her father 's hand in the murder of his son .	6	n	
I 'll be around , but you wo n't SEE me .	1	p	
He did n't SEE her as a woman , Merrill realised , but simply as a useful adjunct to his own position in the company .	5	n	
In the extreme case , there is no mobility of labour at all ( as in Jones , 1971b ) , and the implications of such immobility for the incidence of the corporation tax have been examined in Section 64 , where we SAW that implies that the return to capital 	4	n	
When I SEE what you know , I feel what a nothing I am !	4	n	
From the window I SAW the flats opposite , their even lines making them look like children 's drawings .	1	p	
The French , on the other hand , would only SEE developments which took account of the most recent feudal settlement of 1327 .	8	n	
If Churchill , even at the end of 1951 , did not wholly discount the possibility of a pre-emptive attack by the USSR , he was beginning to SEE American impulsiveness as a more likely cause of conflict .	5	n	
We suppose that when somebody says something to us , it is meant to be informative , has some warrant in fact and is not a deliberate obfuscation or falsehood ( for further detail and discussion SEE Grice 1975 ; Levinson 1983  ) .	3	p	
But as the speculators wait for the president 's more substantive statement , they might reflect that the average middle class voter will probably SEE things rather differently .	5	n	
We have SEEn how structuralism showed increasing signs of unease concerning the nature of discourse about literature , and we noted the solution proposed by Barthes , namely that discourse about literature should take	7	n	
We are now looking forward to SEEInG 36,000 customers riding on our special trains to Santa Land this Christmas .	8	n	
When Rodrigo SAW the letters of his Lord the King , he greatly rejoiced in them , and said to the messengers that he would fulfil the King 's pleasure , and go incontinently to his command .	1	p	
The court held that the broker was in the position of an arbitrator , and therefore immune from liability : SEE further 14.3.1 .	3	p	
I was young , you SEE , and	4	n	
I said I called in to SEE either Michael or the secretary , Mirelda her name is .	2	p	
And I 've SEEn chairs like that , I 've SEEn I do n't know whether it 's there but a couple of places , bedroom chairs , gorgeous things , you know !	1	p	
When you SEE them as grown-ups who 'd rather not grow any more , you realise that even their clothes resort to childhood in the face of responsibility and decision .	5	n	
The UDF coalition had narrowly defeated the ( former communist ) Bulgarian Socialist party ( BSp ) in the October 1991 general election SEE p. 38539 .	3	p	
We set off via Salt Lane and St. Edmund 's Church Street and , like all small boys , SAW much of interest on the way .	1	p	
He SAW the bewildered look on Hencke 's face and led him towards two comfortable chairs which stood on either side of a low occasional table .	1	p	
You gon na SEE me ?	2	p	
It was probably a combination of the moonlight and the girl but what-ever it was , the man who went on to become world-famous singing star Frankie Vaughan says she stole his heart the instant he SAW her .	1	p	
Endill followed him out into the biggest corridor he had ever SEEn .	1	p	
In between their own dates , Carter and their crew make sure they SEE ned 's Atomic Dustbin at the Irving plaza .	1	p	
I do n't SEE any necessarily any difference by including conversions this time round .	4	n	
You must SEE them !	?	?	
Through one window he SAW a bathroom , just like his own at home only a thousand times smaller .	1	p	
In the week before the stranding several people , mainly fishermen , claimed to have SEEn whales entering the Wash , perhaps in pursuit of the fish that make up the bulk of their diet .	1	p	
I 've got to SEE a man about a job , she said .	2	p	
In all this we should SEE not personal vanity pope John was too old for that but an act of primatial responsibility .	5	n	
The court takes the view that it has not had the benefit of SEEInG the witnesses , hearing their evidence and forming opinions as to the weight to be attached to it .	1	p	
That way , I would n't have to SEE you or speak to you at all !	1	p	
The national press can SEE him any time .	2	p	
Added to her humiliation was the knowledge that some of her friends , who had SEEn the incident , could have helped her but did not do so .	1	p	
Had you SEEn her much in the last few weeks ?	2	p	
It is likely we have not SEEn the worst of the conditions , he added .	8	n	
He had SEEn the original in Berdichev 's papers more than a year ago , amongst the material Karr had brought back with him from Mars , but had never thought to SEE another .	1	p	
Because he would have told you I hope that er we sell advertising space into , well you 've SEEn some samples over there .	1	p	
The police want to hear from anyone who SAW either the truck or the ambulance shortly before the collision .	1	p	
In expressions for the elastic moduli of composites , such as those given in earlier parts of this chapter and above , it is justifiable to substitute complex quantities ( SEE Chap .	3	p	
Elizabeth SAW her , and stretched out a generous hand :	1	p	
Rescuers digging slowly and in silence could SEE bodies but could not reach them .	1	p	
So if the forest is not something that he can SEE , if you go back to question two , how do you interpret this midnight moment 's forest ?	1	p	
I know everybody 's heard that it 's shit , I still wan na go and SEE it	1	p	
Cos I remember SEEInG somebody threading some beads once .	1	p	
The results gained from the continuing analysis of bus passenger accidents will be used to develop the Campaign to promote improved Safety for Elderly people ( SEE separate section ) .	3	p
Somehow she was going to get to Chertsey to SEE Angel before too long .	2	p	
Those of you who are keen to learn how to fall over without hurting yourself ( usually ) should again find a good judo class ( SEE page 121 ) .	3	p	
I 'd say , nothing , we 've just been up there , and he 'd smack us across the chops with the er gloves , and say , go on , and do n't let me SEE you here again .	1	p	
now , across the savannah , they can SEE the Masai village .	1	p	
When I say , now I SEE it as a duck , am I saying that I have a certain Lockean visual sensation that is , that the figure appears to me , in a non-concept-dependent sense of appears , in a certain way which I have found I always have when 	12	p	
But earlier at Lechlade Gloucestershire police adopted a wait and SEE policy .	7	n	
Talks between a Soviet military delegation led by the Soviet Chief of Staff Gen. Mikhail Moiseyev and senior US Defence and State Department officials held in Washington on May 20-22 failed to resolve continuing differences	x	x	
Ooh then I went to the B and Q to SEE if I could get a blind to match , but I spent , so I	7	n	
paula was amazed by the security arrangements that were necessary to ensure that the new season 's collections remained exclusive the windows at the rear of the premises were heavily barred and practically the first thing she had to do	x	x	
Their place in a group dominated by the Catholics no doubt reflected the regent 's desire for consent from Catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she SAW little reason to fear the protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less	4	n	
True , many journalists attend press receptions and lunches for free food and to SEE colleagues .	2	p	
Long is right , of course , as is Fred Green ( SEE letter opposite ) .	3	p	
Warshal and Spirduso ( 1981 ) argued that if inverters are less lateralised for language than non-inverters then differences between the left and right hands during performance of concurrent verbal-manual tasks ( SEE Chapter 4 ) should be	3	p	
You said you 'd SEEn my mother recently ?	2	p	
Cassie Cassie 's oh she has , she 's SEEn Cassie .	1	p	
Mediation ( SEE Chapter 11 ) is a faster and more flexible process where internal negotiations have broken down .	3	p	
He was arrested in november 1984 and sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment in early 1986 on charges of subversion in connection with the Tanjung priok riots of 1984 SEE pp. 33287 ; 34233 .	3	p	
Following the decision to lift certain sanctions taken by the Commonwealth heads of state SEE p. 38553 , countries relaxing restrictions included Canada which on Oct. 22 began to issue visas to South Africans and India	3	p	
Yeah , I think I did SEE it .	1	p	
Claudia had just time to SEE a sign in gold and red before they turned into a cobbled yard .	1	p	
She looked away from him , out of the car window , SEEInG nothing .	1	p	
But now the Welsh Office has told the group that they SEE little purpose in holding another meeting on the proposed route , which will run from the Stanley Embankment to Dalar crossroads .	5	n	
Old Shallot 's a brawling man : a born street fighter and a soldier who has SEEn more battles than many of you have had hot dinners .	8	p	
SEE what she 's taping .	7	n	
I 've just SEEn her going that way , and I 've just SEEn skinny Mick that she used to go out with a she had baby to , coming this way .	1	p	
people who dangle wires or ropes on to power lines to SEE what happens are playing with fire .	7	n	
Have you ever SEEn a dead enchantment , Fergus ?	8	p	
Queen Elizabeth II  ceased to be Fiji 's head of state ( and the Commonwealth heads of government , meeting in Vancouver , Canada , on Oct. 16 declared Fiji 's membership to have lapsed SEE pp. 3560	3	p	
Despite her smile , those eyes now revealed a coldness I had never SEEn before .	1	p	
Some were unrecognisably altered or mutilated , but most were obvious caricatures of people Anne had SEEn at the party .	2	p	
In Romania , though , she was said to SEE the poverty .	1	p	
It was old news , but they had n't SEEn each other to talk of it .	2	p	
By the permian-Triassic the suture lines of many ammonites had begun to assume the highly crimped and complex form that was to characterize much of their later history ; the ceratites of the Triassic combined broad loops and 	x	x	
In fact , those who support the introduction of a Bill of Rights tend to SEE the state in essentially negative terms : it is regarded as the only real threat to individual freedom and liberty ( apart from that posed by the collective activity of trade uni	5	n	
Bush 's attempt to revitalize the Republican party and to rally the support of its right wing after abandoning his no new taxes pledge SEE p. 37768 received a serious setback on Dec. 13 when Bennett , the former drugs tsar ,	3	p	
There is evidence too that people SEE the two sectors of health care as complementary rather than in opposition : they are happy to use private medicine for specific purposes but want a strong publicly funded nHS 	5	n	
Responding on Sept. 28 , Houphout-Boigny promised ( i ) a national commission to consider the opinions expressed and to recommend appropriate measures ; (	x	x	
Well , the weirdest thing that I ever SAW onstage was a murder , at the Stones appearance at Altamont .	1	p	
We would n't SEE it coming , we could n't shoot it down when we did and we could n't even chase the fucking thing home after it had hit us .	1	p	
I was given a crash course and then the necessary documents that have SEEn me through ever since .	x	x	
But why do you want to SEE Celia ?	2	p	
But Basil got summonsed for wounding an inspector in a tram-car had SEEn it and went and gave evidence against him .	1	p	
They were huge animals , with tusks about sixty centimetres long and they seemed as curious about us as we were excited to SEE them .	1	p	
And she will do anything to avoid another royal scandal even if it means not SEEInG Charles while speculation persists .	2	p	
We made a T-shirt with a guy nailing a nail up his nose and I remember , in Czechoslovakia , I SAW a guy do it .	1	p	
Bosses are often unnerved , but they learn so much about themselves , when tested , that they SEE the relevance to their staff 's development .	4	n	
When listed buildings are subject to major refurbishment , it is important that the local planning officer and the local civic society are aware of the interior and have examined it to SEE what features may be worth retainin	7	n	
We have SEEn that one implicit method of specifying an operand or result location is to imply the use of a processor register , such as the accumulator .	7	n	
Donald Deakin , a 50-year-old amusement arcade owner from Wales , SAW the news item that night and his imagination was kindled by the idea of the race .	1	p	
You may SEE them during the summer when they rest in Britain .	1	p	
So he did not SEE the young photographer who was now taking pictures of the King	1	p	
But his blood seemed to be flowing at twice the normal Speed and he stood carefully , so that he could SEE the doorway .	1	p	
She 's coming round on Wednesday to SEE me .	2	p	
Dr Ranganathan was one of the most brilliant and imaginative figures the profession has SEEn ; his Colon Classification went through many revisions and new editions , and is widely in use in his own country ,	9	n	
In 1922 James Agate SAW Lillian Gish in Broken Blossoms and was in no doubt that this plain little American child had given a performance which meant that she ranked with the world 's great artists .	1	p	
SEE the officer	2	p	
She SAW Leo with Claudia , his arms round her , straining .	1	p	
Up until now it has maintained a purity of vision that SEES a workstation not a terminal on every desk .	6	n	
He SAW Alexei frown again .	1	p	
now she could SEE red houses , swimming-pools , race tracks , skyscrapers sticking up like teeth , and roads and railways so uniformly crisscross they seemed like tiles on a vast kitchen floor .	1	p	
He 's not SEEn me , they 've gone straight past , he has not yet come to terms with the fact that his mummy 's a queen .	1	p	
The Record of Achievement should be available ,  all Coursework completed , the signed record sheets of attendance , and records of all practical work , for the Examiners if they wish to SEE them .	1	p	
There , Blondel said , you SEE ?	4	n	
Mr Tate said although they felt quite safe on the eighth floor it was disconcerting to SEE armed security guards and smoke bellowing up through the skyscrapers .	1	p	
If they SEE their horses done	8	n	
But the facts are complicated here by the shift from that to this to show empathy , and from this to that to show emotional distance ( Lyons ( 1977a : 677 ) calls this empathetic deixis ; SEE Fillmore , 1971b : 227 and R. Lakoff 1974 for the intricacies o	3	p	
For the first time , civil servants accustomed to running Japan as they SEE fit are feeling the hot breath of their political masters on their necks .	5	n	
Moore SAW that kind Mrs Wood had brought many good things from her own kitchen .	1	p	
The last elections to the Assembly were held on nov. 16 , 1988 SEE p. 37145 .	3	p	
Have you SEEn what 's under this table ? he asked eventually .	1	p	
Cos I 've SEE them , SEEn them going in on Sunday .	1	p	
She wore an oatmeal flannel coat and skirt which even Alexandra could SEE was badly cut , and a heavily pleated cream blouse , the collar fastened with a huge hideous brooch made out of a green polished pebble set in silver .	1	p	
For a moment he could not SEE clearly and then he did !	1	p	
phillips Flops was one headline on a day that SAW David Boon move within nine runs of his third century of the series as Australia took command .	9	n	
I could SEE it in his eyes .	1	p	
Think you 've all SEEn them .	1	p	
I can SEE no way they are linked with this .	4	n	
All that we can SEE , feel , touch , taste and hear is of one , all-pervading force the god force .	1	p	
Erm but they John Smith range as well you SEE .	4	n	
And er he told me I could start and if I could relieved from the other pit , so I went and SAW the under-manager at , and I says , Aye , he says , you can go .	2	p	
But finally I SAW one animal come through the grass to play .	1	p	
In the light from the partly-opened curtains , she could SEE his head above hers , his neck stretched , his eyes open and staring at the wall above the bed-head .	1		
Do you SEE what I mean , SEE most of this has been done for the convenience of the Quick Save Supermarkets on that er , I should say .	4	n	
to the garden to SEE what had happened .	7	p	
The girl , when I could SEE her properly , was a rough-looking twenty , and had as many coats of paint over her eyes as a Roller gets on its doors .	1	p	
But I ca n't SEE any more moorhens and there 's usually a few more round if there 's one .	1	p	
If you have n't yet bought a calculator , you will have to look it up in either the old-fashioned log tables used for arithmetic calculations or in simplified break tables of logarithms ( SEE Tukey 1977 ) .	3	p	
Can you SEE the moss ?	1	p	
But unknown to the gunman , a little boy had been stealing a ride on the bar under the carriage , and he SAW it all .	1	p	
Rather unpleasantly , there 's a pile of excrement at the bottom of one of the vents , suggestive of someone dumping the same down from upstairs ( Bardul , in fact ; SEE locations 55 and 58 ) .	3	p	
Wait outside until you SEE the girl who lives there , the cripple girl .	1	p	
We found these very interesting and should be glad to SEE copies of the material you mentioned as about to go to print .	1	p	
A political crisis in April split the ruling coalition government , and five pDC ministers were dismissed SEE p. 38141 .	3	p	
Three errors involve the change of y to i : cryed , emptyness , tryed ; others show confusion about what the actual prefix or suffix is : full for ful , diss for dis , - d or - t for - ed ( SEE pages 378 ) are the kind of errors made .	3	p	
A preliminary session was held on Dec. 4 , 1989 , of the judicial inquiry into the case of the Guildford Four , who had been convicted in 1975 of carrying out the Guildford and Woolwich public house bombings SEE pp. 26870 ; 27739 	3	p	
The moonlight was on her face and he could SEE her clearly .	1	p	
And yet , it is within the much maligned football community that we have SEEn a model of resistance to the break-up of society .	4	n	
Take me , Lord , I have SEEn the lightshow !	1	p	
But I think we 're SEEInG something in the Forest side we have n't SEE for what twelve fourteen years are we .	8	n	
The building intrigued Modigliani , and he asked Osterlind to take him up to SEE Renoir .	2	p	
The Attorney General  resigned on nov. 10 following allegations that he was granted a Rs150 ,000 unsecured overdraft facility by Standard Chartered , the United Kingdom bank implicated in the Bombay securities scandal SEE p. 39145 .	3	p	
Lord Mayor Bill Egerton said : We have SEEn shards of glass embedded in the ground .	1	p	
Let 's SEE reaction you know .	?	?	
Oh , but you do n't want to she began to deny , but her voice faded when she SAW one eyebrow ascend as if it was unheard-of for anyone to tell him what he wanted or did not want to do .	1	p	
It was agreed that I should SEE Owen on his home ground in order to assess his true behaviour .	1	p	
Lenin SAW the relationship between imperialism and capitalism in terms of four related propositions :	5	n	
I have n't SEEn it !	1	p	
Lubor must have SEEn her returning from his office window , for he was there when she neared the outside door , and , never one to miss an opportunity , About tomorrow ? he asked .	1	p	
ITALIAn prime Minister Giuliano Amato won a vital confidence vote yesterday after SEEInG one of his severest critics become the latest victim of the country 's growing bribery scandal .	8	n	
The BMC apparently now SEES the MLTB as a controllable board which will steer mountain training with the best interests of the BMC in general at heart .	5	n	
Though Chrysler turned them down , the size of the bids intrigued Chrysler 's management : We tried to SEE what outsiders SAW in getting more from Acustar , says Mr Gerald Greenwald , Chrysler 's vice-chairman .	7	n	
I can not SEE the logic in leaving him behind .	4	n	
As you continue , you can SEE the path meandering its way up Ben nevis in long zig-zags to the right of the Red Burn .	1	p	
It was very difficult to keep in working order , and when the emperor Charles V SAW it in pavia in 1529 it needed repair .	1	p	
Groups of actors have often provided the focus of stories about the victimisation of innocents by totalitarian forces ( examples include To Be or not to Be , privates on parade , The Last Metro and the recent Spanish film Ay , Carmela ! ) 	x	x	
Looking at the act of speaking in a broader way , we can SEE that intonation can signal to the listener what is to be taken as new information and what is already given , can suggest when the speaker is indicating some sort of contrast or link 	4	n	
In the not too distant future we should SEE a diskless , pentium , networked , pen based computer running nexTSTEp or Windows nT .	8	n	
I was dosed with saffron tea which tasted foul and I could n't SEE anybody .	1	p	
BTW did you SEE Wilo touting for the England job on sky !	1	p	
He spoke gently ; he could SEE the distress in Evelyn 's face .	1	p	
Are you gon na SEE him again ?	2	p	
We put women first and a Feminist Revue : Come and SEE the Sorcieres , the Vamps , the daughters of Kali and the Fatae Morganae .	1	p	
The government is happy to SEE visible signs in Bucharest 's new shops that at least something is changing amid the general economic gloom .	1	p	
In particular and on this SEE the work of Mary Douglas when the body politic is threatened , it is common to SEE increased attention paid to the purity , integrity and unity of the physical body .	3	p	
did cause ( or permit ) that motor vehicle or trailer ' - SEE glossary page 4 .	3	p	
I 've just SEEn all these Chinooks taking off .	1	p	
Ah , I ca n't SEE what	?	?	
The Dutch national environmental policy nEpp SEE ED 3738 has been widely praised for its ambitious approach to reducing internal polluting emissions , and contrasted favourably with the relative inaction of Britain and the US .	3	p	
In early April 1990 , acting on information believed to have been provided by Mannoia , police in Sicily arrested Giuseppe Lucchese , alleged to have killed , among others , Gen. Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa in 1982 SEE pp. 32755-56 .	3	p	
Fearful , utterly unaware now of the two men near by , she let her eyes move slowly up the document , SEEInG other names but only vaguely noting that she was scanning a list of some sort .	1	p	
Alice 's Restaurant ( 1969 ) had an obvious appeal , and Little Big Man would continue to reveal his preoccupation with the outsider by SEEInG the Cheyenne as ethnic hippies who contrasted fav	5	n	
so , er , come and SEE me before you know , if you are having any problems , just come along .	2	p	
She could SEE a sliver of white shirt , the braided collar of his black jacket , a star on his epaulette , the hand that rested along his crossed knee .	1	p	
When people say , What 's the big idea ? or Have you any idea of the time ? or I 've no idea what she SEES in him , they are not exhibiting their acceptance of a theory of language , the theory that words work by conveying ideas .	5	n	
She asset-stripped the three cabinet ministers huddled not five yards behind her until Rudolf , who had SEEn impeccable pinstripes , meaningful ties and authority 's insouciance , 	1	p	
Kerr listened for twenty minutes ; although she could not SEE them , Sally Baker knew that the eyes were flickering occasionally as he mentally underlined key fragments of what his brain was simultaneously hearing and recording .	1	p	
Defries could SEE nothing but darkness through the opening .	1	p	
They all kowtowed after Dougie you SEE .	4	n	
I SAW it , as I was on my way to the pub .	1	p	
In April 1990 Li peng had paid a visit to the Soviet Union , the first by a Chinese premier for 26 years SEE pp. 37373-74 .	3	p	
Robyn SAW it and felt pleasure uncurl deep inside her .	1	p	
Mrs Hillaby , the present clerk of the course , told me how she has SEEn horses collapse at the finish , and one had even laid down and died through being ridden too hard .	1	p	
After their reconstruction , 35 witnesses called the police saying they thought they 'd SEEn Eila .	1	p	
In the previous elections , held in 1988 SEE p. 36359 , the CiU had won 69 seats with 45.7 per cent of the vote .	3	p	
She did not , however , think it any more ridiculous than any other memorial chapel , but she was glad Christopher had not SEEn it , and hoped Flora would not mention it when they came round .	1	p	
Got ta SEE a man about a job .	2	p	
Coming early downstairs long before the others , she had SEEn it lying on the floor inside the door .	1	p	
Erm and I would just comment on Mr 's er criteria assessment that I fail to SEE any difference really between any of the three re er regional routes in terms of the potential of opening a station on any of them .	4	n	
This year SEES a strong European attendance , with Andr Candillier from paris showing for the first time while in the field of Old Masters .	9	n	
Er we 'd like to SEE them out with us to give the company as much harassment .	x	x	
Sometimes they SEE you in the street and start searching you for no reason .	1	p	
Operation Rescue had been involved in mass pickets of abortion clinics in Wichita , Kansas , in mid-1991 SEE p. 38383 .	3	p	
Ultimately , segmentation policy may lead perkins to a market situation where it may no longer SEE itself as an engineering company selling an engineering product but instead is moving towards a service company approach	5	n	
All had been expelled from the party in February SEE p. 37256 .	3	p	
I SAW a bird of prey , a hen harrier , as intent as an osprey , beating her wings at early evening against a stand of firs , hunting like a cruise missile along the edge of a windbreak .	1	p	
Christians SEE , in this miracle , the eternal truth that sins can be forgiven and that this forgiveness comes through Jesus .	5	n	
And right where she did n't expect it in the black universe was another dark space , solid with hidden meanings , difficult to SEE , alien to her comprehension .	4	n	
It 's good to SEE old Bill with a woman .	1	p	
On April 6 the Irish Supreme Court in Dublin upheld an appeal against the extradition to northern Ireland of Owen Carron , the former Anti-H Block/Armagh Mp for Fermanagah and South Tyrone ( in 1981-83 ) 	x	x	
I 'm pleased to SEE it on this year 's Congress Agenda .	1	p	
Gonzlez Rojas  was represented by some commentators as an isolated figure , whereas others SAW him as acting effectively on behalf of Gen. Lino Oviedo , who was generally recognized as the country 's strong man .	5	n	
View the directory to verify that the file has been saved under both filenames ( SEE Task 6 )	3	p	
new R4000-based Indigoes , SEE page three .	3	p	
With no Changing the Guard today , we had a lovely relaxed morning a drive down to the Guards Depot to SEE a couple of my friends in the Guards Dog Unit German Shepherd Guard Dogs .	2	p	
The thought of SEEInG Emily again made her feel better .	2	p	
The Financial Times of Jan. 23 said that it had reflected the life breathed into local politics by the direct elections to some Legco seats in September 1991 SEE p. 38436 .	3	p	
MAY RIDE : The Battle Standard Bearer may ride a Warhorse ( +3 points ) , or a Monster ( SEE the separate Monster List for points ) .	3	p	
It was a game in the bower , for the cup would be returned empty after a while , but no-one ever SAW where the milk went .	1	p	
I felt I should include them in the list if only so that you could SEE the limited choice at present available .	4	n	
There was a beautiful avenue of mimosas I SAW at the Gezira when we were walking round .	1	p	
All the neighbours have SEEn us clip clip clop down the path .	1	p	
And he knew sapient pearwood when he SAW it .	1	p	
But you SEE one other person who was there last night was at one time involved with a major , no longer major Scottish company which did all its substantial charitable giving anonymously once a year 	4	n	
And invariably you got a gold sovereign , you SEE ?	4	n	
We we could SEE it was going out of control .	?	?	
You may have SEEn the article about the reforestation of Ansokia Valley in the October issue of YHA magazine .	1	p	
The Solicitors ' publicity Code ( SEE Chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of flag advertising by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms	3	p	
The search time can be overlapped by using rotational position sensing , however ( SEE Chapter 2 ) , and in this case the wasted time can be used by some other operation or program .	3	p	
I 'll SEE you later , perhaps ?	2	p	
Roger says he did n't SEE me with anyone in the kitchen earlier .	1	p	
She smiled at him , her eyes returning the love she SAW in his face .	1	p	
And if you SEE her , SEE her eating our butter there will be a row .	1	p	
So the whole weight of the whole er the gear that actually sent the crusher going and made it so the jaws the swing jaw swing and all that , was er hanging on the cap you SEE .	4	n	
He could SEE Steen 's face in its pained repose , and felt certain that he was up against a case of murder .	1	p	
Who ordered you to stop SEEInG me ?	2	p	
people like Mick are rare , the kind of guy you want to SEE in your dressing room before a game that makes your stomach turn to water .	1	p	
pakrac formed part of Croatia 's Knin province , which had unilaterally declared itself on Feb. 28 to be the Serbian Autonomous Region of Krajina , in contravention of Croatian law SEE p. 38019 ,	3	p	
As of Oct. 31 , 1989 , it had been ratified by 15 states ( SEE pp. 35984 ; 36565 for Turkey 's ratification in February 1988 ) .	3	p	
The Universal Khan will SEE you shortly .	2	p	
This case was followed in Stadium Finance v. Robbins ( 1962 C.A. ) where the owner left his car with a dealer with instructions to SEE what offers could be obtained for it .	7	n	
perhaps it was because she 'd already SEEn countless admiring female eyes slide in his direction ; even though they apparently had n't recognised him in his goggles and ski-hat , still they were drawn by the sheer animal magnetism of the man .	1	p	
Then the nurse came to tell me that he would n't SEE me .	2	p	
I said yes well we 'll have to pop round and SEE you when you 've settled in .	2	p	
I 'm quite scared erm I 'd be scar I mean I 'd be scared if I SAW one but be interesting at the same time , I sort of want to and I sort of	1	p	
It made her miserable to think of telling on mummy , but now , SEEInG her watching her in the mirror , she was too frightened to stay silent .	1	p	
The year of 1764 SAW the publication of one of the most influential works of penal philosophy of all time Dei Delitti e delle pene ( On Crimes and punishments ) by the Italian , Cesare Beccaria ( Beccaria , 1963 ) .	9	n	
It was just possible to SEE some buildings in the distance .	1	p	
Even Benny had looked green when she 'd first SEEn it , and Benny had had time to get used to the idea .	4	n	
She SAW a cameraman hovering , and glared at him .	1	p	
Hardly a day went by but she SAW some lass or other picked up by them snots .	1	p	
You should have SEEn him he climbed on top of a box last night to get to the telly .	1	p	
just as the holidays were beginning,  the teacher who was going to replace my father arrived to SEE what kind of strange specimens he was going to land among and what sort of house he and his family were 	1	p	
Use your personal game card to play SEE Rule 1 ( right ) , if your have n't got one .	3	p	
This was most evident in the statutory requirements concerning industrial relations , and the creation of complex machinery for consultation and negotiation with staff ( SEE Chester 1975 : ch . 8 ; C	3	p	
His second victim was drugged and raped when she went to SEE him for advice about work three months later .	2	p	
Labour , post-Kinnock , is saddled with a fundamentally undemocratic trade union link-up ; an autocratic structure , which , in the absence of the autocrat , SEES power pass to the autocrat 's ( unelected ) nominees ; 	9	n	
Despite their greater poverty , lone mothers may not always SEE marriage or cohabitation as improving their access to resources .	5	n	
I thought , said Tom , I might drive over and SEE Kitty 's new house at Caxford .	1	p	
I met a teacher who confided that the externally-imposed testing system pre-empted the use of 30 % of her total professional time , and that her own independent judgements ( which she SAW as more valuable and inseparable	5	n	
On the occasions of my own visits I always manage to SEE something new when I visit Rutland Water : a preening water rail in full view below Lax Hill , four buoyant , saw-billed goosanders showing off their diving skills 	1	p	
Carlos Melancia resigned as Governor of Macao on Sept. 28 following allegations of corruption SEE p. 35510 for Melancia 's appointment in July 1987 .	3	p	
At the peak , you ca n't quite SEE Vivoli 's but it is on the right , near the Verdi Theatre .	1	p	
( This is one event I have not SEEn personally , as it only takes place every seven years , the next being due in 1990 . ) the last perambulation took place in August 1983 , with about 500 people taking part in the fourteen mile walk .	1	p	
Cos I SEE the two of the kinda leave quite often , maybe about eleven	1	p	
You should be able to SEE your audience in your mind 's eye .	6	n	
Shildon said that a superior drinks carton had been invented and the MacQuillans faced the choice of buying the invention or SEEInG a competitor develop it and steal their market .	8	n	
I SAW no point in continuing until the point was settled .	4	n	
The pupils are invited to visit galleries and exhibitions and may be asked to produce projects and/or appraisals of the work they have SEEn .	1	p	
She could SEE a decision path dividing in front of her as plainly as if it was real .	12	n	
He pictured Belpan 's president as he had last SEEn him , barefoot and casting for bonefish from the end of the dock out at San paul Key .	1	p	
I SAW a lot of old friends , and wore a dashing outfit purchased at perhaps an extravagance in a London second hand shop but from the compliments , I feel now it was worth it and that , feeling good in it , I will wear it quite a lot .	2	p	
And after SEEInG the results of three days filming , he was the one who asked Warren to replace her .	1	p	
You can SEE the signs , but you ca n't read them , said Swarf .	1	p	
principal developments in Somalia from mid-1989 SEE p. 36757 for events to that date continued to be dominated by the civil war ,	3	p	
For Socialist party congress and events leading to prime Minister Michel Rocard 's resignation in May SEE May news Digest .	3	p	
For discussion of this , SEE Chapter 9 .	3	p	
Yes but then you SEE , in the ol in the old days Gordon , I mean , you we you were very fortunate if you got three meals a day and i and whatever you got you were glad of and used to eat it all .	4	n	
A decline in the value of shares and the volume of trading on the new stock exchange , opened in 1989 SEE p. 37432 , persuaded the government to delay plans to reduce its share in state-owned enterprises .	3	p	
His face went rigid and she could n't bear to SEE his misery any longer .	1	p	
Those things do n't sound fearsome till you SEE them used on a man 's body .	1	p	
When pina SAW Modigliani he drew a revolver and pointed it at him .	1	p	
Those who were lucky enough to SEE these two players in the same palace team for four and a half seasons were certainly among the most privileged of the club 's patrons .	1	p	
In Video plan 6 we SAW roleplay introduced after silent viewing and before students listened to the dialogue .	8	p	
The conference had been told on Dec. 5 that some 780 million people had insufficient food for their daily needs , that 190 million children aged under five suffered from malnutrition SEE this page for UnICEF report , a	3	p	
The 1990 budget was adopted in December 1989 SEE p. 37482 .	3	p	
